Jacob Babbitt: Mad respect
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Well I'm sick so no Alley Party for me
Darth Plagueis the Wise: RIP
Darth Plagueis the Wise: null
Jacob Babbitt: null
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Lol I told Will "wouldn't it be neat if we had all the Chris' altar serve one Mass?"
Jacob Babbitt: There are some good memes in the catholic memes chat
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Return of Jacob's favorite poster
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Also slyly sneaking in my Star Wars Republic Commando books into the frame
Darth Plagueis the Wise: null
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Wut
Darth Plagueis the Wise: new leadership
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: null
Darth Plagueis the Wise: Lol
Jacob Babbitt: null
Darth Plagueis the Wise: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mhDBWiTfNCU
Darth Plagueis the Wise: null
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Look what I bought @Jacob Babbitt 
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: "Jacob Babbitt is a creepy man" - C. Bordiuk
Jacob Babbitt: null
Darth Plagueis the Wise: null
Darth Plagueis the Wise: null
Darth Plagueis the Wise: null
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: null
GroupMe: I Want Pictures of Spiderman changed the topic to: "Jacob Babbitt is a very creepy man"
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: This one's for you Joseph DiPaolo
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: @me on the prayer hike
Darth Plagueis the Wise: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bJTSxRBbCQA
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Throwback to freshman year Joseph memes
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: null
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Peter Geoly is actively advocating for me to grow my hair back out lol
Jacob Babbitt: No
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Huehue
Darth Plagueis the Wise: No 
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: null
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Yeet
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: The glory days
Darth Plagueis the Wise: *The dark times 
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Nah man that was my peak
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: "Grow it out. Dewit." - Peter
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Ok so health update I'm like 99% sure I have a cyst on my tailbone and it just went kaboom so I gotta see a doctor soon.
Jacob Babbitt: How soon
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: I have an appointment with health services tomorrow morning so we'll see.
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Confirmed pilonidal cyst. I'm seeing a general surgeon soon.
Jacob Babbitt: Shoot dude
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Heidi Hoess is here
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: One of the freshmen just said hi to me but I couldn't tell who it was because of the sun until it was too late so I just gave the old wave and "hi" and moved along
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: U N L U C K Y
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: "Can we go sing to Jacob Babbitt?" - Freddy Maresca 
Jacob Babbitt: Only if Freddy has a takadimi solo
Jacob Babbitt: Improvised
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: https://www.reddit.com/r/PrequelMemes/comments/9fw2t0/hello_there_but_its_animated_sounded_link_in/
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: This is the freshest OC r/PrequelMemes has produced in a while
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Lol
Jacob Babbitt: What
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: These are my music playlists for Awakening. I used a Peter picture for each of them.
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: I also included Bodies
Jacob Babbitt: Apparently the BCC freshmen have started their own GroupMe
Jacob Babbitt: They’ve become self aware
Darth Plagueis the Wise: Hhhhhmmmmm I don’t know if that’s a good thing or a bad thing 
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: That's literally what happened freshman year with me Abby and Fressia
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Except it was us and upperclassmen lel
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: BRUH one of the people that Nolan just added to the GroupMe is rushing Phi Mu Alpha
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: As are Ian Mannino and Will Bradley
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Rick and I are gonna have a hell of a time
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: I'm over here putting together music for Awakening and I see Regina Caeli labeled as "Explicit" by Spotify lol
Darth Plagueis the Wise: Dual of the fates better be on the the awakening playlist 
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Hehe
Jacob Babbitt: You should re make the drama playlist to include only Star Wars music
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Start it with Cantina Band #1
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: I'm playing the Cantina themes at every meal I swear 
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Ok so I'm Ian Mannino's big in a turn of events hahaha
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Just a heads up I'm coming out of a really bad day with a lot of anxiety so I'm trying to take it easy tonight. I'm a little out of it but don't be alarmed, I'm over the hill at this point.
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: https://youtu.be/Z1BCujX3pw8
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: @Darth Plagueis the Wise 
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Btw Jacob Geaux Tigers amirite
GroupMe: Jacob Babbitt has left the group.
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: RIP in pepperoni
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Reeeeeeeee bring back Babbitt
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: I just wanna go to the bathroom and this boy locked the door again
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: @Darth Plagueis the Wise who all do you have contact info for of the new guys? I have Nigel and Peter and that's it.
GroupMe: Jacob Babbitt has rejoined the group
Jacob Babbitt: https://www.nashvillesymphony.org/tickets/concert/2018-2019-season/star-wars-empire-strikes-back-2019/
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: See if I am in Louisiana next semester I am strongly considering driving back up here for that Thursday through Sunday for that.
Jacob Babbitt: *goes all four nights lol
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Don't give me ideas 
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Not sure if everyone in the chat is ready for this level of spice so I'm sending this meme I made here
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Yo so I'm going to a surgeon today to determine if I need to undergo surgery so prayers would be very appreciated.
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: What the heck Nigel
Darth Plagueis the Wise: ?
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: In the BCC GroupMe
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Nigel can get a like out of Elizabeth Boulet but I can't? This makes me salty.
Darth Plagueis the Wise: Jealousy is a path to the darks side @I Want Pictures of Spiderman  
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Use my knowledge. I beg you.
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: So the verdict is I have to have surgery
Darth Plagueis the Wise: RIP
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Alright we gotta bring in Bordiuk
Darth Plagueis the Wise: Yeah I don’t know if Bordiuk would be the right one to talk to him. Honestly I might just talk to him. 
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Ok here's an idea what if instead of playing Rocket League and CS you play Battlefront 2 wit me
Jacob Babbitt: What