The Rental Magnet: Featuring my new haircut
Tidehunter: What a great house 
The Rental Magnet: This is the one
The Rental Magnet: Full sends only I'm putting the application as we speak 
The Rental Magnet: Send some interior pics they really show the great character
Tidehunter: null
The Rental Magnet: What a catch 
Tidehunter: I can’t wait to live here 
The Rental Magnet: Same
The Rental Magnet: I'll sleep on the carpet it looks so good
The Rental Magnet: Free pets too
The Rental Magnet: null
The Rental Magnet: Get off Dota 2 and apply for this great house with us @Ymir da Tursk 
Tidehunter: Are we meeting tonight? @Ymir da Tursk 
Ymir da Tursk: I can no longer meet tonight unless it’s quite late
Ymir da Tursk: I’m sorry, my fault
Ymir da Tursk: Which ones are priority to you guys
Tidehunter: what do you have tonight
The Rental Magnet: What
Ymir da Tursk: I got invited to something with friends and I forgot I was meant to talk to y’all tonight
Ymir da Tursk: It’s my bad. I messed up. I’m not sure when I’ll be home, but I doubt it’ll be before @The Rental Magnet goes to sleep. I’m supposed to get off work tomorrow at 8. That’s the next I’ll be available. If not then, I get off work at 6 on Thursday
Ymir da Tursk: I will be home in about 30 if y’all are both up
Tidehunter: We can just do it another day 
Ymir da Tursk: Okay sorry lads
Tidehunter: null
Tidehunter: null
Tidehunter: null
Tidehunter: THIS IS THE ONE!!!!
The Rental Magnet: I talked to my dad about it
The Rental Magnet: It looks phenomenal but let's get the facts on the age of the all the utility systems and whatnot. We want to make sure we're not living with lead paint or asbestos. And we need to get the facts on how old the electrical and plumbing systems are in case of lead piping or 60s-era amount of power supply.
The Rental Magnet: The last time it was fully renovated according to public property records was 1965 so it's still within the range for asbestos, lead paint, lead piping, and the like.
The Rental Magnet: Just wanna make sure we don't affect our quality of life
Tidehunter: Yeah but we need to move quickly 
The Rental Magnet: I already sent the landlord an email about all the appliances and those systems are
The Rental Magnet: how old those systems are*
Tidehunter: Keep in mind we aren’t responsible if appliances go wrong because we are renting 
The Rental Magnet: I understand that but do you wanna sit and not be able to wash your clothes for like a week because an old washer stopped working
The Rental Magnet: Forwarded the response from the owner/landlord to both of you @Ymir da Tursk @Tidehunter 
Tidehunter: I say we send it 
The Rental Magnet: I'm gonna do another once-over before the other tours today and check for peeling paint around the inside
The Rental Magnet: My dad thinks we should go for something else because of potential health issues which is not very characteristic of him
The Rental Magnet: If nothing else we should wait for @Ymir da Tursk 
Tidehunter: What health issues @The Rental Magnet 
Ymir da Tursk: Ummmm I don’t know much about lead based paint and stuff like that
Tidehunter: We are going to have that with any other older house we have that in our current house 
The Rental Magnet: The inside paint in our current house has been redone 
The Rental Magnet: I ask them about that
Tidehunter: https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.realsimple.com/home-organizing/lead-paint-removal%3Famp%3Dtrue
Tidehunter: Basically as long as the walls aren’t deteriorating￼ we should be fine 
Ymir da Tursk: In theory the lead based paint is only in the wine cellar, correct
Ymir da Tursk: ?*
The Rental Magnet: Not necessarily. I'm about to look at the place again with Miranda.
Ymir da Tursk: Hmmm okay
Ymir da Tursk: Oh okay the renovation happened before 1978
Ymir da Tursk: I see I see
The Rental Magnet: I would be most comfortable overall if we got the place looked at by Matthew's dad before committing.
The Rental Magnet: You don't mess around with lead because lead poisoning lasts forever and if you create lead dust and inhale it that's not coming out of your body.
Tidehunter: null
Ymir da Tursk: Is there a way to test it
Ymir da Tursk: There’s got to be, right?
The Rental Magnet: Yes there are paint test kits
The Rental Magnet: What app did you use @Tidehunter 
The Rental Magnet: Lockbox 
Tidehunter: Rently
Ymir da Tursk: If the lead paint wasn’t everywhere, I’d be willing to pull the trigger, just based on what I’m reading.
Ymir da Tursk: Again, I’m no expert, and if y’all are comfortable then I totally respect that
Ymir da Tursk: Aren’t*
The Rental Magnet: That's how I feel as well
The Rental Magnet: I just want to get an opinion on the paint and that's all
Ymir da Tursk: I’m about to walk into work, but should we apply in the meantime?
Ymir da Tursk: Like, even before we have a sure answer
The Rental Magnet: This house been on the market for 2 months 
Tidehunter: My dad has inspections all day but I sent him a text asking about lead paint and I just got off the phone with my mom and she said as long as we aren’t eating our walls we should be good. Yes we should go ahead and apply in the mean time 
Tidehunter: It has been on the market and the price just dropped 
The Rental Magnet: There's an open rental on 4117 Utah in Sylvan. I talked with the rental manager for the one I just looked at and he said he would drop the price to 2200 a month if we could move in by the 15th
The Rental Magnet: I'm about to do a drive-by
The Rental Magnet: Nvm he said we can do a full tour
The Rental Magnet: You woulda loved that kitchen @Tidehunter 
The Rental Magnet: It's a triplex though and the two smaller bedrooms aren't the greatest
Ymir da Tursk: How do we apply for Auburn
Ymir da Tursk: https://browning-gordon.quickleasepro.com/d/apply/108243
Here?
Ymir da Tursk: https://browning-gordon.quickleasepro.com/d/apply/108243
Tidehunter: @Ymir da Tursk 
Tidehunter: null
Ymir da Tursk: Okay cool it’s the second link I just sent I believe
The Rental Magnet: It's an 80 dollar fee just be aware of that 
The Rental Magnet: That paper also says we need to get a move-in date approved before applying
Ymir da Tursk: A small price to pay for a house on Auburn Lane @The Rental Magnet 
Tidehunter: My dad gave it the green light 
The Rental Magnet: Full sends
The Rental Magnet: He say anything about plumbing? 
Tidehunter: It looks good 
The Rental Magnet: Cast iron pipes right
Tidehunter: Yup
The Rental Magnet: Not really a big factor just curious if I was right
The Rental Magnet: Those have a tendency to rust from the inside over time so we just need to keep an eye out for leaks
The Rental Magnet: But I'm ready 2 go
The Rental Magnet: I'll email Shelly the rental manager 
Tidehunter: He said they are all in good shape @The Rental Magnet 
Tidehunter: What did you guys put for rent amount 