Supreme Chancellor: Nope 
GONK: Nope
GONK: Am I a head clicker now?
Supreme Chancellor: null
GONK: Oh
Yah-eet!: Boys come to Baja tonight
Supreme Chancellor: I will be there 
Supreme Chancellor: I sense something; a presence I have not felt since......last awakening
GONK: Hahaha
Yah-eet!: Lol
Yah-eet!: @GONK You not coming?
GONK: I'm coming
GONK: I'm bringing a special guest, one without a Y chromosome
Yah-eet!: Uh oh
Yah-eet!: I wonder who it is
GONK: One that specifically asked to see you
Supreme Chancellor: hhhhmmmmm
Yah-eet!: I hate that
Yah-eet!: Why do I hate that gif 
Yah-eet!: Creeeeeepy
Yah-eet!: Goodbai 
Yah-eet!: Goodbai 
Yah-eet!: Yeet on up there
Yah-eet!: Nope keep going
Yah-eet!: Aghhhhh
Supreme Chancellor: null
Yah-eet!: STAHPPP
Yah-eet!: 'Did you ever hear the Tragedy of Darth Plagueis the wise? I thought not. It's not a story the Jedi would tell you. It's a Sith legend. Darth Plagueis was a Dark Lord of the Sith, so powerful and so wise he could use the Force to influence the midichlorians to create life... He had such a knowledge of the dark side that he could even keep the ones he cared about from dying. The dark side of the Force is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural. He became so powerful... the only thing he was afraid of was losing his power, which eventually, of course, he did. Unfortunately, he taught his apprentice everything he knew, then his apprentice killed him in his sleep. It's ironic he could save others from death, but not himself.'
Yah-eet!: 'Did you ever hear the Tragedy of Darth Plagueis the wise? I thought not. It's not a story the Jedi would tell you. It's a Sith legend. Darth Plagueis was a Dark Lord of the Sith, so powerful and so wise he could use the Force to influence the midichlorians to create life... He had such a knowledge of the dark side that he could even keep the ones he cared about from dying. The dark side of the Force is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural. He became so powerful... the only thing he was afraid of was losing his power, which eventually, of course, he did. Unfortunately, he taught his apprentice everything he knew, then his apprentice killed him in his sleep. It's ironic he could save others from death, but not himself.'
Yah-eet!: 'Did you ever hear the Tragedy of Darth Plagueis the wise? I thought not. It's not a story the Jedi would tell you. It's a Sith legend. Darth Plagueis was a Dark Lord of the Sith, so powerful and so wise he could use the Force to influence the midichlorians to create life... He had such a knowledge of the dark side that he could even keep the ones he cared about from dying. The dark side of the Force is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural. He became so powerful... the only thing he was afraid of was losing his power, which eventually, of course, he did. Unfortunately, he taught his apprentice everything he knew, then his apprentice killed him in his sleep. It's ironic he could save others from death, but not himself.'
Yah-eet!: Goodbai
GONK: What just happened
Yah-eet!: I used the meme to destroy the meme
Supreme Chancellor: lol
Yah-eet!: NOOOOO
Yah-eet!: DO NOT WANT
Yah-eet!: 'Did you ever hear the Tragedy of Darth Plagueis the wise? I thought not. It's not a story the Jedi would tell you. It's a Sith legend. Darth Plagueis was a Dark Lord of the Sith, so powerful and so wise he could use the Force to influence the midichlorians to create life... He had such a knowledge of the dark side that he could even keep the ones he cared about from dying. The dark side of the Force is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural. He became so powerful... the only thing he was afraid of was losing his power, which eventually, of course, he did. Unfortunately, he taught his apprentice everything he knew, then his apprentice killed him in his sleep. It's ironic he could save others from death, but not himself.'
Yah-eet!: 'Did you ever hear the Tragedy of Darth Plagueis the wise? I thought not. It's not a story the Jedi would tell you. It's a Sith legend. Darth Plagueis was a Dark Lord of the Sith, so powerful and so wise he could use the Force to influence the midichlorians to create life... He had such a knowledge of the dark side that he could even keep the ones he cared about from dying. The dark side of the Force is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural. He became so powerful... the only thing he was afraid of was losing his power, which eventually, of course, he did. Unfortunately, he taught his apprentice everything he knew, then his apprentice killed him in his sleep. It's ironic he could save others from death, but not himself.'
GONK: Can someone explain what the hell is happening
Supreme Chancellor: no
Yah-eet!: Matthew is posting a gif that makes me uncomfy 
Supreme Chancellor: Revenge
Supreme Chancellor: Justice
GONK: Umm
Yah-eet!: So I’m getting rid of it by posting the tragedy of Darth Palegius the wise
Yah-eet!: Because it was the first long text that I found that I could easily copy and paste
GONK: I have a better idea
Supreme Chancellor: payback for spideman
GONK: null
GONK: Ok Matthew wins
Yah-eet!: Boooo
Yah-eet!: Btw I’ve spent all day coming up with awakening memes to post if I am indeed going to do logistics stuff for awakening
GONK: We're in Franklin so we're gonna be getting in to Nash at like 8:30 pls no leave Baja
GONK: When do they close 
Yah-eet!: Probably 9 or 9:30
Supreme Chancellor: they close at 9
Yah-eet!: ⬆️
Supreme Chancellor: thats  a bigg oooffff
GONK: It'll be fine
Supreme Chancellor: classic @GONK 
Yah-eet!: Classic gonk 
Yah-eet!: Always gonking around
Supreme Chancellor: gonking around in Franklin for some reason
GONK: I dont have my car
GONK: Miranda has to use it to haul film stuff for her Prod I because her brakes went out
GONK: She has to film until 8
GONK: Gonkers
Supreme Chancellor: did you go with her to film?
Yah-eet!: All I can imagine is Velma from scooby doo saying “gonkers” like she says jeepers 
GONK: No I'm at my internship you big dummy
GONK: Smh
Yah-eet!: @GONK Do you sexually identify as a Gonk droid
Yah-eet!: What pronouns do you prefer
GONK: What in the
Supreme Chancellor: null
Yah-eet!: Are you a gonk furry 
Yah-eet!: Or is it like that one vine with the guy who goes “on all levels except physical I am a wolf”
Yah-eet!: “On all levels except physical, I am a Gonk droid. GONK”
Yah-eet!: I think I scared him off @Supreme Chancellor 
Supreme Chancellor: Most likely
GONK: I am quite frightened
GONK: Either of you boyos wanna come pick me up
Supreme Chancellor: I can pick you up
Supreme Chancellor: where and when
GONK: I'm in Cool Springs and I just need to be picked up anytime 
Supreme Chancellor: text me the address
GONK: Well I'm at 112 Seaboard Lane rn but that is subject to change
Yah-eet!: He said text him you gonk droid 
Yah-eet!: Quit blowing up my phone geez 
GONK: That's text isn't it 
GONK: NOTIFICATION 
GONK: NOTIFICATION
GONK: NOTIFICATION
GONK: NOTIFICATION
GONK: NOTIFICATION
Yah-eet!: 'Did you ever hear the Tragedy of Darth Plagueis the wise? I thought not. It's not a story the Jedi would tell you. It's a Sith legend. Darth Plagueis was a Dark Lord of the Sith, so powerful and so wise he could use the Force to influence the midichlorians to create life... He had such a knowledge of the dark side that he could even keep the ones he cared about from dying. The dark side of the Force is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural. He became so powerful... the only thing he was afraid of was losing his power, which eventually, of course, he did. Unfortunately, he taught his apprentice everything he knew, then his apprentice killed him in his sleep. It's ironic he could save others from death, but not himself.'
Yah-eet!: 'Did you ever hear the Tragedy of Darth Plagueis the wise? I thought not. It's not a story the Jedi would tell you. It's a Sith legend. Darth Plagueis was a Dark Lord of the Sith, so powerful and so wise he could use the Force to influence the midichlorians to create life... He had such a knowledge of the dark side that he could even keep the ones he cared about from dying. The dark side of the Force is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural. He became so powerful... the only thing he was afraid of was losing his power, which eventually, of course, he did. Unfortunately, he taught his apprentice everything he knew, then his apprentice killed him in his sleep. It's ironic he could save others from death, but not himself.'
Yah-eet!: 'Did you ever hear the Tragedy of Darth Plagueis the wise? I thought not. It's not a story the Jedi would tell you. It's a Sith legend. Darth Plagueis was a Dark Lord of the Sith, so powerful and so wise he could use the Force to influence the midichlorians to create life... He had such a knowledge of the dark side that he could even keep the ones he cared about from dying. The dark side of the Force is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural. He became so powerful... the only thing he was afraid of was losing his power, which eventually, of course, he did. Unfortunately, he taught his apprentice everything he knew, then his apprentice killed him in his sleep. It's ironic he could save others from death, but not himself.'
GONK: 'Did you ever hear the Tragedy of Darth Plagueis the wise? I thought not. It's not a story the Jedi would tell you. It's a Sith legend. Darth Plagueis was a Dark Lord of the Sith, so powerful and so wise he could use the Force to influence the midichlorians to create life... He had such a knowledge of the dark side that he could even keep the ones he cared about from dying. The dark side of the Force is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural. He became so powerful... the only thing he was afraid of was losing his power, which eventually, of course, he did. Unfortunately, he taught his apprentice everything he knew, then his apprentice killed him in his sleep. It's ironic he could save others from death, but not himself.'
GONK: 'Did you ever hear the Tragedy of Darth Plagueis the wise? I thought not. It's not a story the Jedi would tell you. It's a Sith legend. Darth Plagueis was a Dark Lord of the Sith, so powerful and so wise he could use the Force to influence the midichlorians to create life... He had such a knowledge of the dark side that he could even keep the ones he cared about from dying. The dark side of the Force is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural. He became so powerful... the only thing he was afraid of was losing his power, which eventually, of course, he did. Unfortunately, he taught his apprentice everything he knew, then his apprentice killed him in his sleep. It's ironic he could save others from death, but not himself.'