One Python Boi: r/CatholicMeme is the best
One Python Boi: null
One cookie-bakin boi: LOL
One Python Boi: lolololololol
One Python Boi: null
One Python Boi: null
One cookie-bakin boi: Yo get Sofia to bring Alex to Catholic things
One cookie-bakin boi: If he became catholic that would be a massive Roman Catholic yeet
One cookie-bakin boi: He’s already Lutheran which is pretty close
One Python Boi: null
One Sid Meier boi: Lol funny you mention that
One Sid Meier boi: null
One Sid Meier boi: That's like our Bible study inside joke
One Python Boi: Lol
One Python Boi: null
One Sid Meier boi: I beat Bad Rats @One cookie-bakin boi 
One Sid Meier boi: We gave Fr. G the password to the BCC Instagram.
One Python Boi: That’s the type of content I want 
One cookie-bakin boi: Matthews like “if there were memes like this in the BCC chat I would’ve stayed”
One Python Boi: I guess your not wrong
One Python Boi: more like if I could post my dank memes
One Python Boi: null
One Python Boi: null
One Sid Meier boi: My badge for beating all the levels of Bad Rats is how featured on my Steam profile @One cookie-bakin boi 
One Python Boi: null
One Sid Meier boi: War eagle
One cookie-bakin boi: War Eagle anyway
One cookie-bakin boi: Another SP 2018 couple got engaged
One Python Boi: You have a lot of weddings to go to 
One cookie-bakin boi: Doubt I’ll be invited lol
One Python Boi: rip
One cookie-bakin boi: Y’all Habakkuk 1 and 2 today is a BIG yeet
One Python Boi: ? 
One cookie-bakin boi: 1st reading at mass today
One Python Boi: Oh ok!! with no context I was very confused 
One Python Boi: I'm reading old pl right now 
GroupMe: One cookie-bakin boi changed name to One Habakkuk boi
One Habakkuk boi: Oh boy do I have a story to tell y’all
One Python Boi: null
One Habakkuk boi: So today a woman I’ve known for a while (she’s gone to our parish for a long time) wheeled her son who’s in a wheelchair into youth group. We stopped and talked for a minute and she asked me if I had ever gone to Saint Mary of the Seven Sorrows in Nashville, because her eldest daughter is a parishioner there. I said yes and that I loved it. She said she loved it too and she literally said “oh I love the music and the Latin. It just feels so reverent. Not that mass here isn’t reverent. Mass here is reverent in its own way. But I like it there. Bad thing about it there is that parking is tough and it’s always really hard for me to find the bathrooms, so I’m not sure if I could always go there if I lived in Nashville.”
One Python Boi: I just picture you frat snapping as she is telling you this 
One Habakkuk boi: For the first half of it lol
One Python Boi: Parking is really bad a St Mary’s 
One Python Boi: at*
One Habakkuk boi: You’re not wrong, it was just when she put that at equal weight with the liturgy haha
One Python Boi: Or you could just go to a real mass at Assumption you get liturgy and parking lol jk
One Habakkuk boi: L O L
One Habakkuk boi: Say it louder for the people in the back @One Python Boi 
One Python Boi: I some people from focus connect who go to Assumption   
One Python Boi: Know*
One Python Boi: Also Joseph is building a empire 
One Habakkuk boi: Does that make Joseph the Senate?
One Python Boi: Yes 
One Python Boi: Joseph: I am Catholic Nashville young adult
One Habakkuk boi: Jimmy Mitchell: Not... yet....
One Python Boi: Lol
One Habakkuk boi: OH also during the homily my pastor low key took shots at non denoms and it was great
One Habakkuk boi: He was basically like “some churches try to do things like install coffee shops in their churches to try to bring people in, rather than allow the real presence of Christ to draw them in”
One Habakkuk boi: It was another big yeet
One Sid Meier boi: Y'all are rowdy tonight 
One Sid Meier boi: The freshmen this year are not the sharpest tools in the shed
One Habakkuk boi: Oof
One Sid Meier boi: Whoops I fell asleep
One Sid Meier boi: I say that because we had three drivers who drove freshmen to Mass and they all Ubered back to campus 
One Habakkuk boi: Lol
One Python Boi: big off
One Python Boi: oof*
One Sid Meier boi: Miranda said "what the flip"
One Python Boi: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wuMvKwmMv5Q
One Python Boi: null
One Habakkuk boi: Y’all my sister might apply early action to Vanderbilt
One Habakkuk boi: Also got my Awakening role
One Python Boi: ? 
One Habakkuk boi: My best role yet @One Python Boi 
One Python Boi: Are you tech head lol 
One Habakkuk boi: Lol no
One Habakkuk boi: Sacristan
One Habakkuk boi: But I’m BACK ON GAM FAM BOYOS
One Habakkuk boi: MY TAKEOVER OF NASHVILLE AWAKENING HAS JUST BEGUN
One Habakkuk boi: @One Python Boi I will continue your legacy 
One Habakkuk boi: Where you failed to take over
One Habakkuk boi: I will succeed
One Python Boi: Lol that’s a good meme 
One Habakkuk boi: Lol I’m not even an altar server for UCat LOL
One Habakkuk boi: Now that’s a meme
One Habakkuk boi: I must move quickly and make friends with father Gervan
One Habakkuk boi: The Novus Ordo at awakening must’ve eliminated
One Python Boi: null
One Habakkuk boi: Soon it will be Extraordinary forms without end!!!
One Habakkuk boi: Solemn High mass for the solemnity of All Saints!
One Habakkuk boi: In all seriousness my role is going to be a lot like logistics
One Habakkuk boi: I don’t have much work on site
One Habakkuk boi: Compared to most people
One Python Boi: Are you not logistics 
One Habakkuk boi: No I’m sacristan
One Sid Meier boi: I'm going pro in CS GO soon
One Sid Meier boi: I'm top tier
One Habakkuk boi: Chris didn’t know there was armor and helmet until last night
One Python Boi: Lol train like you did in Civ 5 and you might be top tier 
One Python Boi: null