TR8R: Think you got the wrong Curtis Martin, Google
TR8R: Everyone vote for DiPaolo lol
Saruman did nothing wrong: No vote for Bordiuk
TR8R: Y
Saruman did nothing wrong: Because he’s Bordiuk
TR8R: But DiPaolo is gone it's a better meme
Darth Burrito: Nah I’m voting for Isaac 
TR8R: Boi
Darth Burrito: Shoot dude
TR8R: You're basically a missionary Matthew lol
Darth Burrito: Lol that kinda true 
Darth Burrito: That’s 
TR8R: I voted for my Meme Lord
Darth Burrito: I voted for @Saruman did nothing wrong  
TR8R: It's like the Exodus chat all over
Saruman did nothing wrong: Bröther
Saruman did nothing wrong: Should I say something?
Saruman did nothing wrong: I really want to, but I don’t want to be THAT guy
Darth Burrito: bigg ooofff
Darth Burrito: idk
Darth Burrito: null
TR8R: I found this bootleg screencap from A New Hope cleaning out my Google Photos. Highly applicable I thought lol.
Darth Burrito: Is my boy Palpatine in the new Star Wars trailer??? 
Saruman did nothing wrong: I hate it already
Saruman did nothing wrong: Lol the top comment on one of the videos is: “does this mean that Anakin finally gets the high ground?”
Saruman did nothing wrong: Lolol
Saruman did nothing wrong: Also these two comments
Saruman did nothing wrong: Y’all the memes have only just begun
Saruman did nothing wrong: We’ve only got a teaser and this is already the most meme-able movie of the three
TR8R: Ok but the no one is ever really gone line was in The Last Jedi?
Saruman did nothing wrong: wow are you a Last Jedi fan now
Saruman did nothing wrong: just in time for the end of Exodus
GroupMe: Saruman did nothing wrong changed name to Rey Skywalker
Darth Burrito: null
Darth Burrito: What are you doing? @TR8R 
GroupMe: Rey Skywalker changed name to Rey Palpatine
TR8R: Not answering you oops @Darth Burrito 
Darth Burrito: null
TR8R: What did you need stinker
Darth Burrito: Nothing lol 
Darth Burrito: We just went to cookout 
TR8R: Hm
TR8R: General Trumpeti @Rey Palpatine 
TR8R: Did you just play fanfare for Bob
Rey Palpatine: Indeed
Rey Palpatine: Gotta play good for the masta or he’ll beat us
TR8R: Good master, use the precious
TR8R: Nice to Smeagol
Rey Palpatine: I feel like a slave to Bob Fisher
Darth Burrito: Brake free @Rey Palpatine 
Rey Palpatine: But he’s promised me a degree
Rey Palpatine: That I may or may not need
Darth Burrito: #College is just a system of making students indentured servitudes 
TR8R: You stroked Bob's ego good Jacob
Rey Palpatine: oh yeah?
TR8R: Dylan Eilertson is explaining to me how Entmoot is an ecumenical council 
Rey Palpatine: Lol
Rey Palpatine: I guess he’s right
Rey Palpatine: Is treebeard the pope?
TR8R: I suppose
TR8R: But then who is Quickbeam?
Rey Palpatine: idk a bishop
TR8R: null
Rey Palpatine: null
TR8R: I'm upset
Sophie ditched her  adoration shift disrespect
Rey Palpatine: Lol
Rey Palpatine: @TR8R did you have to take her spot?
TR8R: Yes
Rey Palpatine: oof
Rey Palpatine: anyone know why she bailed?
TR8R: She just never showed it wasn't like she left during ut
TR8R: Which I was kind of expecting
Rey Palpatine: so who called you? Will?
TR8R: Jake cuz he was on call before me
Darth Burrito: Who are we talking about 
Darth Burrito: 
Nvmd lol
Rey Palpatine: Lol @ Peter's Catholic Friends
TR8R: You mean Sophie's message?
Rey Palpatine: Lol yeah
TR8R: Le sigh
TR8R: null
Darth Burrito: RIP @Rey Palpatine sleep though his adoration shift. The latest adoration shifts require the strongest will.  
Darth Burrito: Slept* 
TR8R: RIP Babbitto
TR8R: "Joseph DiPaolo is a pain in the ass like 65% of the time." - Bordiuk
Rey Palpatine: Father Ben Butler literally refused to give people communion on the hand tonight lol
Darth Burrito: there was communion tonight?
Rey Palpatine: Yes
Rey Palpatine: They distribute communion at most veneration of the cross services nowadays
Rey Palpatine: In fact I think all of them
Darth Burrito: Are getting anything for Brenton tomorrow?
Darth Burrito: We *
Rey Palpatine: Ummm I don’t think we are as a group, no
TR8R: My body is ready
TR8R: Y'all this cathedral looks beeauuuutiful
Rey Palpatine: null
Rey Palpatine: null
Darth Burrito: Lol 
Darth Burrito: That’s a big YEET
GroupMe: Rey Palpatine changed name to One limbo-y boi