Black Krrsantan: Yes
Boba Fett: Yes 
Black Krrsantan: I should be home by 5:30
Black Krrsantan: Not getting back til much later boys traffic is horrible since I-65 is shut down 
Bruno of Cologne: @Black Krrsantan Stop that
Bruno of Cologne: Get in here
Black Krrsantan: I found a wild Fr Fye
Black Krrsantan: He's coming to our meeting 
Boba Fett: Well that was easy 
Black Krrsantan: That means we gotta do a big clean this weekend
Black Krrsantan: And decide on our menu 
Boba Fett: Yup 
Black Krrsantan: He also showed me the plans for the church restoration YEET
Bruno of Cologne: Why does everyone describe Fr Fye as being wild
Bruno of Cologne: It begs the question
Bruno of Cologne: Is there such thing as a tame Fr Fye
Black Krrsantan: Because he just pops out of nowhere and says "Hello!"
Black Krrsantan: It's just like a wild pokemon encounter
Black Krrsantan: All of St Ann is the tall grass
Bruno of Cologne: So when we have him over should we try to catch him
Black Krrsantan: Use a quick ball first if that fails dusk ball
Bruno of Cologne: If only father Fye was chainable then we could get a shiny father Fye
Bruno of Cologne: Maybe if we catch him and train him up he’ll evolve into Bishop Fye
Black Krrsantan: What?
Black Krrsantan: Fr. Fye is evolving!
Bruno of Cologne: I vote we feed him mashed potatoes
Bruno of Cologne: It’s like a status effect that will increase our catch rate
Black Krrsantan: Garlic increases his catch rate too
Boba Fett: We need to come up with what we are cooking. 
Black Krrsantan: Just garlic and potatoes lol
Bruno of Cologne: Chad Father Fye
Bruno of Cologne: Sending actual good encouragement
Black Krrsantan: Idk Chipotle's soy chorizo ad by Matt really encouraged me
Bruno of Cologne: OOF
Bruno of Cologne: Savage
Bruno of Cologne: Coming from you of all people too
Bruno of Cologne: Mr Vegan Chorizo himself
Black Krrsantan: Hehe
Boba Fett: https://eatingrichly.com/german-goulash/
Black Krrsantan: Let us buy 10 heads of garlic
Black Krrsantan: The only way to tame Fr Fye
Bruno of Cologne: If garlic keeps vampires away it is only natural that it attracts Catholic priests
Boba Fett: So do you guys want to  come to my parents place for dinner tomorrow I just need let them know that you guys are coming. 
Boba Fett: And are we going to Baja tonight @Black Krrsantan 
Black Krrsantan: Let's do it
Bruno of Cologne: @Boba Fett My concert got canceled so I can be there tomorrow
Black Krrsantan: Oof
Black Krrsantan: I'll come tomorrow
Black Krrsantan: And do Baja tonight
Bruno of Cologne: No one asked me if I wanted Baja tonight sadge
Black Krrsantan: I asked you last night boi
Black Krrsantan: Too busy popping gummies
Boba Fett: You can come to Baja @Bruno of Cologne 
Black Krrsantan: He wants us to ask him let us ask him
Black Krrsantan: Dear Jacob our very dear friend of almost 6 years, we would like to formally inquire if you would be interested in joining us for some festivities at the fine dining establishment known as Baja Burrito. Would you like to join our company? 
Black Krrsantan: What say you?
Bruno of Cologne: Hmmmmm
Bruno of Cologne: Perhaps
Bruno of Cologne: *Council of Elrond*
It is a gift! Give the Triumvirate Baja Burrito! Let us have it every day!

You cannot eat it! No one can! The Baja answers to Ben alone
Boba Fett: @Bruno of Cologne Chris was wondering if you could get a outdoors dust pan 
Black Krrsantan: I'm here at St. Ann now so you don't have to if it would be an inconvenience I just wanna get the leaves and stuff swept up so they dont blow back all over the place
Bruno of Cologne: Pog
Boba Fett: Oh no 
Bruno of Cologne: @Black Krrsantan 
Boba Fett: @Black Krrsantan Said he doesn’t need it 
Black Krrsantan: We can do a little handoff when I get to St Ann for Sunday school 
Black Krrsantan: I think the water bill was so high because they were running the water all the time fixing the shower that's my theory
Black Krrsantan: Hopefully we dont get a whopping bill like that again because that hurt my budget big time
Boba Fett: Well gas just came in so expect that 
Black Krrsantan: Dad just sent me this
Bruno of Cologne: Already burnt a whole rack of bread 👍
Bruno of Cologne: Off to a great start today
Black Krrsantan: Y'all alright if Miranda comes over tonight?
Bruno of Cologne: Yes
Boba Fett: Sure 
Bruno of Cologne: “Miranda just wants our memes, that’s why she’s coming over”
-Matthew McDevitt
Black Krrsantan: I mean after all they're the most robust and spicy
Bruno of Cologne: Pog
Bruno of Cologne: Robust memeage 
Black Krrsantan: Bog*
Black Krrsantan: As Miranda would say: "Boggers dude"
Bruno of Cologne: Has Miranda seen the man riding a shrimp
Black Krrsantan: Good question
Bruno of Cologne: If she hasn’t just tell her to YouTube search man riding a shrimp
Black Krrsantan: Or we just wait til she gets there and then she watched and then I get to watch it big brain Exodus hack
Bruno of Cologne: If you two are to become one flesh in the sacrament of marriage I require her to view it as well as you
Bruno of Cologne: No no exodus cheats
Black Krrsantan: It's all charity right
Black Krrsantan: Lol
Black Krrsantan: Next I'll start writing scripts to exploit Exodus
Bruno of Cologne: The man riding a shrimp is not charitable
Bruno of Cologne: He rides his shrimp
Bruno of Cologne: Uncharitably
Boba Fett: Hack exodus 
Boba Fett: What time is father Fye coming over? 
Black Krrsantan: Aiming for 6. He's yeeting after benediction at St Ann
Bruno of Cologne: If I could catch Chris before he wrote his cheats I’d do it
Bruno of Cologne: If I could reach right out and install an anti cheat I’d do it
Bruno of Cologne: But it’s out there yeah he wrote em
Bruno of Cologne: And in a way I don’t regret it