Strider: null
Treebeard: Hahahahahha
Treebeard: Beautiful 
Strider: null
Strider: null
Strider: I need to continue reading the two towers
Treebeard: Slacker get off XCOM and read
Strider: null
Strider: oofff
Treebeard: "Ten time more interesting"
Treebeard: This whole quarantine thing has really shaken me and I'm not sure if I understand where I'm going with my career anymore to be honest. Every time I think about the future something feels empty about the publishing admin stuff I've been telling myself is my place and niche.
Treebeard: I keep feeling this nagging feeling toward FOCUS this semester but now it's like pounding but I'm still partially in denial of it happening so I don't know what's going on in my life anymore. I just feel confused.
Tom Bombadil: I’m not really sure what to tell you @Treebeard other than I’ll pray for you
Strider: I won’t look to your job for fulfillment. From my point of view, I do my job because I’m good at it not because I’m constantly enjoying it. It’s almost like a duty to pay the bills or to support a family in the future. Keep in mind if you do anything for long enough you will be bored with it. I think the closest thing to fulfillment on this earth comes from a mix of growing in your faith, being able to do good work and have a healthy family life.  Of course, prayer and discernment play a big role but that's my two cents. 
 @Treebeard 
Treebeard: I'm praying and talking to people so I'll see what unfolds
Treebeard: But in other news...at the very end of the end credits of Empire the score has a sneaky Imperial March statement in the timpani on all the off beats and it has thoroughly blown my mind
Tom Bombadil: @Treebeard What does Miranda think of your job situation?
Treebeard: She told me I should just apply for FOCUS and see what happens. Isaac agreed too and said he did the same thing.
Tom Bombadil: Why Aragorn gotta be unchaste
Treebeard: Classic Aragorn
Tom Bombadil: Arrrrgggghghghgggggg
Tom Bombadil: No premarital stew eating
Treebeard: I tried to explain "melancholic" to Miranda earlier and I gave up and just said "basically Jacob"
Tom Bombadil: Lol
Tom Bombadil: What’s Miranda’s personality thing?
Treebeard: No clue
Treebeard: But I also know whenever Lexi talks about you to people who don't know you, she describes you as "very melancholic"
Treebeard: That's like her key descriptor every time lol
Tom Bombadil: And I’m sure that helps almost none of them lol
Treebeard: Most likely
Treebeard: But I find it humorous 
Tom Bombadil: I do too
Tom Bombadil: I think Matthew is more melancholic than I am
Treebeard: Maybe but Matthew slinks under the radar more easily than you Mr. Ladies' Man
Tom Bombadil: ?
Tom Bombadil: Lol what
Treebeard: Matthew very easily gets out of or away from attention but you get a nice helping of it a lot of times
Treebeard: i.e. sitting at Cook Out solo with your Big Double chowing and getting a sorority girl lol
Tom Bombadil: Ok buddy
Tom Bombadil: That was literally 3+ years ago
Tom Bombadil: I was sitting there
Tom Bombadil: My little melancholic self in the corner
Treebeard: That's just my favorite example
Tom Bombadil: I don’t ask for it
Treebeard: Matthew can make himself disappear I'm convinced
Tom Bombadil: Yeah yeah
Treebeard: He just says "nah I'm out" and chameleons his way out or something
Tom Bombadil: Lol
Tom Bombadil: A real hero
Treebeard: Matthew should have brought the ring to Mordor
Treebeard: Sauron would have never known
Tom Bombadil: A couple days ago when I was face timing the priest with the community of the beatitudes, he was like “yeah, we need to start group Skyping for everyone that’s going on the fall immersion. All of the girls are 100% committed and so excited to meet you!” And I thought about you guys and how you would’ve laughed
Tom Bombadil: Matthew has an IRL ring of power he slips on when he wants to disappear 
Treebeard: LOL
Treebeard: To both
Treebeard: There's something about the way you present yourself that just intrigues people even when you don't want attention Jacob I'm telling you 
Treebeard: And I think it's pretty funny lol
Tom Bombadil: I mean, I guess I’ll take it?
Treebeard: You don't have a choice
Tom Bombadil: Idk what it is though
Treebeard: You're gonna be like Fr. Mike Schmitz celibate but still chased by all the women hahahahaha
Tom Bombadil: Literally what lol
Treebeard: Ok maybe not chased but a lot of Catholic women swoon over that man
Tom Bombadil: Source?
Treebeard: Firsthand experience
Treebeard: At SEEK 17
Tom Bombadil: With who
Treebeard: You could read the crowd
Tom Bombadil: Okay fair
Treebeard: I said something to Jenny Mckeeby about it and then she was like "can you blame them" and I was like ope
Tom Bombadil: Ope
Tom Bombadil: Yes
Tom Bombadil: You can
Tom Bombadil: You absolutely can
Treebeard: Wait
Treebeard: Look what's happened 
Tom Bombadil: ?
Treebeard: Matthew isn't even here and he has slinked out of being mentioned in this conversation!
Tom Bombadil: XD
Treebeard: The man's powers are too much
Tom Bombadil: He can disappear whenever he wants
Tom Bombadil: He gets it from getting 40 hours of sleep per day
Treebeard: Ah that's the trick
Treebeard: In the case GOODNIGHT
Treebeard: That* man I have turned into Bordiuk this year 
Tom Bombadil: F
Treebeard: Next thing you know I'll be in North Dakota 
Tom Bombadil: Oof
Tom Bombadil: Big oof
Tom Bombadil: Two North Dakotan misspelling boyos 
Treebeard: I still have a little bit of a ways to go before I become Bordiuk 
Treebeard: Or should I say
Treebeard: I skim have a Luke bit of a quavering to go before I became bored 
Treebeard: Lol I'm choking laughing over here at myself 
Treebeard: I got the hiccups now I'm going to bed goodnight you melancholic fool
Tom Bombadil: Lol okay goodnight
Treebeard: GOOBAI
Strider: Idk what gives me this ability to disappear it's a blessing and a curse I guess. 
Tom Bombadil: What if I show up to Israel and they’re like “so actually we’re making a new promo video to advertise the pilgrimages. Anyone want to be interviewed to go on the promo?”
Strider: Oh my goodness 