Librarian Jocasta Nu: Stay strong Babbitto 
Librarian Jocasta Nu: Well Matthew you make it quite apparent you're no-nonsense lol
Trumpet 1 in C: @Strider Just begin discerning! It’s that easy
Trumpet 1 in C: I did it boys
Trumpet 1 in C: I sent her a message
Trumpet 1 in C: null
Trumpet 1 in C: Perhaps could’ve been better but I’m short on time
Librarian Jocasta Nu: Phewwwwwie
Librarian Jocasta Nu: That makes me feel uncomfy for her lol
Librarian Jocasta Nu: It had to be done though 
Strider: F 
Trumpet 1 in C: And here lads is why women are not meant to be initiators
Trumpet 1 in C: At least primary initiators in regards to romantic relationships
Strider: @Trumpet 1 in C Is it that easy?
Trumpet 1 in C: Is what
Strider: @Strider Just begin discerning! It’s that easy
Librarian Jocasta Nu: Matthew becomes a priest overnight, leaving HealthStream in the dust 
Trumpet 1 in C: Oh yes, it is that easy
Trumpet 1 in C: Lol
Librarian Jocasta Nu: I texted Lauren for the first time in 5 months and she answered 
Librarian Jocasta Nu: Just a quick sidetrack she just responded back to Jacob's wild life now
Strider: Rip my co works are trash coders 
Trumpet 1 in C: What? @Librarian Jocasta Nu 
Trumpet 1 in C: And also what? Lol @Strider 
Librarian Jocasta Nu: Also also what? @Trumpet 1 in C 
Strider: My two co-works were trained as network admins and not as software dev which means they lack the basics of being a dev. They have also been operating will little oversight. Because of that, they have formed really bad habits
Librarian Jocasta Nu: Matthew finna crack down and establish himself as head
Librarian Jocasta Nu: He's gonna Palpatine the company
Strider: I'm the senior dev now 
Librarian Jocasta Nu: That movie had a trash score ngl
Librarian Jocasta Nu: Freakin Hans Zimmer
Trumpet 1 in C: No response yet lul
Librarian Jocasta Nu: I was about to ask actually 
Librarian Jocasta Nu: I had just opened GroupMe to check 
Trumpet 1 in C: I went to bathroom to update y’all lol
Librarian Jocasta Nu: Ayyyy that was the Castel secret for taking a text break at Five Guys lol
Trumpet 1 in C: She comes in at 4. Ora pro nobis lol
Trumpet 1 in C: No more bathroom breaks until then
Librarian Jocasta Nu: Is there a patron saint of awkward situations?
Librarian Jocasta Nu: It's 4:30 @Strider I wonder what happened
Trumpet 1 in C: She pretty much avoided me lol
Trumpet 1 in C: We really out here like middle schoolers
Librarian Jocasta Nu: Big big yikes
Strider: RIP
Trumpet 1 in C: It was also really busy though so it’s not like we had much of a chance to talk anyway
Trumpet 1 in C: Give her a pass for today, but you could see it in her eyes, she got the message
Librarian Jocasta Nu: That's what the modern world has done to the idea of relationships tbh
Librarian Jocasta Nu: Like y'all barely even know each other
Strider: Thats what gets me all of this was just based on @Trumpet 1 in C  looks and how you said hi
Librarian Jocasta Nu: Hahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahhaha
Librarian Jocasta Nu: "And how you said hi"
Librarian Jocasta Nu: That's how it always seems to go for Jacob
Trumpet 1 in C: Yes it’s stupid
Trumpet 1 in C: And it’s not like I’m trying to impress anyone either. I don’t say that to be prideful or anything, but it’d be different if I was flirtatious or somehow immodest or whatever
Trumpet 1 in C: It’s beyond stupid because if she knew literally ANYTHING about me, she’d know that I’m devoutly catholic and have strong feelings about my vocation at the moment
Librarian Jocasta Nu: The Lauren stuff was one thing but stuff like this or the Cook Out girl is just dumb
Trumpet 1 in C: Literally just listen to me talk for a week and she would get the idea
Trumpet 1 in C: Agreed
Strider: This reminds me most of the cookout girl
Librarian Jocasta Nu: Like you can't bounce into a relationship with someone when all you have about them is their looks or as Matthew put it how they say hi lol
Trumpet 1 in C: There has never ever ever been a time in my life where a woman decided to “make a move” on me and it be okay
Strider: man so much drama
Trumpet 1 in C: It’s not even drama for me. She’s put herself in this situation. She’ll suffer the consequences. I have no shame about how I’ve handled this situation
Trumpet 1 in C: I genuinely hope we become friends
Trumpet 1 in C: Girls who do stuff like this need to know their worth a lot of times
Trumpet 1 in C: Honestly, Maegan is probably the villain more than Alyssa
Trumpet 1 in C: I guarantee she encouraged her
Librarian Jocasta Nu: Join Zoom Meeting
https://us02web.zoom.us/j/81194961095?pwd=SWcvYVdadEg1azh3UUozV2wxUk05dz09

Meeting ID: 811 9496 1095
Password: Belmont
Librarian Jocasta Nu: Meeting info 4 2nite
Trumpet 1 in C: You’re too excited for this @Librarian Jocasta Nu 
Librarian Jocasta Nu: Uh duh
Trumpet 1 in C: How many are coming?
Trumpet 1 in C: @Librarian Jocasta Nu 
Librarian Jocasta Nu: Idk 
Librarian Jocasta Nu: 13 people liked it
Librarian Jocasta Nu: Sofia said she was coming so did Camden. Miranda, Patrick, and Nigel said they were. I asked Soren to and he said he would like to and he would ask Lauren. Ben and Isaac should be as well. Joey is coming will try to convince Joseph Wrubel. Nigel asked Pete.
Librarian Jocasta Nu: Jackie and most of Miranda'a Bible study liked the message
Librarian Jocasta Nu: I've been doing grassroots promotion
Librarian Jocasta Nu: WAIT. Can you ask Jeremy @Trumpet 1 in C ?
Librarian Jocasta Nu: Nolan is coming
Trumpet 1 in C: I mean, I can. I’d rather you ask him though
Librarian Jocasta Nu: He hasn't responded to the past 7 texts I have sent him in the past 5 months 
Trumpet 1 in C: Probably because his number changed when he went back
Trumpet 1 in C: Have you tried messenger?
Librarian Jocasta Nu: Oh duh 
Librarian Jocasta Nu: Whoops
Strider: Lol classic @Librarian Jocasta Nu 
Librarian Jocasta Nu: No u
Librarian Jocasta Nu: Roasted
Strider: U no 
Librarian Jocasta Nu: Nu o
Strider: Un o
Librarian Jocasta Nu:  On u
Strider: Ou n
Trumpet 1 in C: null
Librarian Jocasta Nu: Yeah eat your popcorn you scrub
Trumpet 1 in C: Do y’all ever think about how CS Lewis had several Narnia books with the main character named Eustace Scrubb
Librarian Jocasta Nu: No
Trumpet 1 in C: Actually I think he’s just the main character in the Silver Chair but he’s in other books
Trumpet 1 in C: The opening line of The Voyage of the Dawn Treader reads “There was a boy called Eustace Clarence Scrubb, and he almost deserved it.”