The Magnet: Do you need evac?
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Wat
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: It's over
The Magnet: Do you need evac anyway
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: No?
Darth Plagueis the Wise: Who did it go 
Darth Plagueis the Wise: How*
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Nothing is coming of this but surprisingly I'm not too torn about it. Idk.
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: I mean we had a good time but I think spending this time made us both kinda feel like it's not the right direction.
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: So the bachelor remains for you to wiggle your eyebrows at
The Magnet: Did you end it with “it’s over Jenny, I have the high ground!”
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Uh no
The Magnet: Missed opportunities Chris
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: I'm king of missed opportunities
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: I've got so much vegan chorizo pasta though lol
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: null
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Zach made me come up on stage and play bass
Darth Plagueis the Wise: null
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: "I have to be to work at 9 am" - Bryce as he's sitting on the couch in Frassati in NASHVILLE, TENNESSEE
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Lol
Darth Plagueis the Wise: null
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: null
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: null
The Magnet: The heck lol
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: I'm offended by this
Darth Plagueis the Wise: Lol
The Magnet: Gentlemen
The Magnet: It’s time
The Magnet: To make BCC
The Magnet: Great again
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Oh shoot
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: You should've sent that all together 
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: I just executed all the Jedi
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Was expecting Order 66
The Magnet: Lol
The Magnet: It was for dramatic effect
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Instructions not clear Jedi Order wiped out
The Magnet: You’re fired @I Want Pictures of Spiderman 
The Magnet: null
Darth Plagueis the Wise:  What?
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: 0/10 not J Jonah Jameson  saying "You're fired"
Darth Plagueis the Wise: Oh I get it 
Darth Plagueis the Wise: All hail the chef! 
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Yes all hail His Royal Majesty Emperor Palpatine
The Magnet: Lol the head chef 
Darth Plagueis the Wise: chief*
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Oof pls no I don't wanna go back to catering
Darth Plagueis the Wise: Jacob ”I have brought peace freedom justice and security to Belmont Catholic!” 
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Just eat free pizza
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: null
Darth Plagueis the Wise: @I Want Pictures of Spiderman Have you gotten a call 
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: ye
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: apparently fr fye didnt call sofia back nor did he leave a message >.>
Darth Plagueis the Wise: Lol what position do you have 
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: The Senate
Darth Plagueis the Wise: Me ”I am the board!” 
The Magnet: Yeah we had a discussion about who else was going to be on board so I guess we’ll see what he decides
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Last I heard the only non-confirmed person was Sofia@The Magnet 
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: And by last I heard I mean that's what Father told me
The Magnet: Yeah Father originally wanted Abby to be VP and I said no thanks haha
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: LOL
Darth Plagueis the Wise: So who is on Board?
The Magnet: But he also didn’t give me a final answer on that so we’ll see
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: null
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: I was told Lauren was VP
The Magnet: We’re not 100% yet but it’s looking like me, Lauren, Chris, and Sofía
Darth Plagueis the Wise: So I guess Abby applied for leadership 
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Much baffle
Darth Plagueis the Wise: I'm a little surprised Ben is not on board 
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Pretty sure Ben said he didn't want to be
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: At least if I recall correctly
Darth Plagueis the Wise: He applied 
The Magnet: I thought he applied tho
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Oof
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Well um
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: I guess not
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: I mean
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: In regard to my statement I'm just gonna stop talking
GroupMe: The Magnet changed name to The Board
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Lol
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: He has control of the chaplain and the board
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: He's too dangerous to be kept alive
GroupMe: Darth Plagueis the Wise changed name to The Godfather
GroupMe: I Want Pictures of Spiderman changed name to Everybody Is Good
The Board: I’m so tired I’m laughing too hard at this right now
The Board: I’m low key interested in who he’ll pick for Vandy
Everybody Is Good: I'd put my money on either Edwards or Braeuner for co-pres at least
Everybody Is Good: I feel like Pistrang doesn't want it
Everybody Is Good: And Thomas Villalobos for treasurer
The Godfather: Pistrang can join my Catholic shadow government.  
The Board: LOL
The Board: Thomas would gamble away all our money
Everybody Is Good: "Father, here is my suggestion. Let's replace the front door of Frassati with pure mahogany wood so that it's aesthetically appealing to people driving by. It's only a couple of thousand dollars."
The Godfather: Nope 
Everybody Is Good: Hahaha
Everybody Is Good: Zach in response to my laughing: "Is there another meme war happening?"
The Godfather: Lol
The Board: If you consider the Vandy board a meme, then yes. Yes there is
The Godfather: Lol the pillar system 
Everybody Is Good: If you have a Catholic shadow movement you have to include the OG shadow movement creator Matthew.