Black Krrsantan: I'm scared
Black Krrsantan: Where is the wood plank
Black Krrsantan: Is he safe...is he...alright?
Ludwig Göransson: What
Ludwig Göransson: null
Ludwig Göransson: Boba when
Black Krrsantan: When I get home
Black Krrsantan: Like 5:30
Black Krrsantan: Also Miranda is making us dinner
Boba Fett: @Black Krrsantan  you forgot to fill out the exodus 90 form you scrub
Black Krrsantan: Woof
Black Krrsantan: Am I too late?
Boba Fett: No but you better get on it 
Black Krrsantan: Reeeee
Black Krrsantan: Yup that's me they're talking about lol
Black Krrsantan: Bruh what the heck 
Boba Fett: ?
Black Krrsantan: I'm like 90% sure that's one of my clients the guy who just posted in the Exodus 90 GroupMe
Black Krrsantan: Anyway
Black Krrsantan: Lord of the Wings though 
Black Krrsantan: When
Boba Fett: Does Friday work? 
Black Krrsantan: I like Friday 
Black Krrsantan: Cuz I get paid
Black Krrsantan: I'm going for a suit fitting at 6 if y'all want to come. Miranda said I'm supposed to invite groomsmen which I had no clue about so sorry for late notice.
Black Krrsantan: Also I came home early because I felt sick and someone next to me at work has COVID. I tested negative with a rapid test but I'm staying home and will do a second test tomorrow to be sure. I might have a mild cold if not COVID. I'll wear a mask proof the house if you guys want.
Black Krrsantan: Around* nice one Android OS
Boba Fett: So your going out to get a suit but your also staying home because feeling sick? I’m confused 
Black Krrsantan: Aight boys suits are live 
Black Krrsantan: We go for launch 
Black Krrsantan: null
Black Krrsantan: Where are the chuckles @Boba Fett 
Boba Fett: No chuckles today 
Black Krrsantan: Boooo
Boba Fett: What sauce do we want on our wings tonight?
Black Krrsantan: No sauce. We wants them rawwww and wriggling
Black Krrsantan: I like the hot sauce and ranch combo 
Black Krrsantan: Is someone ordering them all together?
Black Krrsantan: I was just gonna get stuff for me and Miranda separate
Boba Fett: The plan was to just get all of the wings at once 
Black Krrsantan: Hisssss
Black Krrsantan: We'll have to put together our order
Boba Fett: Ummm ok………………….
Ludwig Göransson: What’s going on
Black Krrsantan: はーい (･ω･)ﾉ*｡.･°*
Boba Fett: null
Black Krrsantan: Also Japan give them some credit
Black Krrsantan: I watched a video on how Tokyo has some of the best urban infrastructure out there
Ludwig Göransson: If y’all are trying to grocery shop today I strongly suggest going as soon as possible
Black Krrsantan: Nah family I'm good
Black Krrsantan: Fam* technically autocorrect you're right but no
Boba Fett: These exodus groups 
Black Krrsantan: null
Black Krrsantan: LOL
Black Krrsantan: Literally independently decided to send the exact gif
Ludwig Göransson: null
Black Krrsantan: LOL
Black Krrsantan: Matthew is dying
Boba Fett: The Triumvirate will rise again 
Black Krrsantan: null
Black Krrsantan: null
Boba Fett: We will form our own group 
Black Krrsantan: Ricardo
Ludwig Göransson: null
Black Krrsantan: When Ricardo wants us to go to the airport for our meetings 
Boba Fett: When they want us to drive 22 mins for meetings 
Ludwig Göransson: Ricardo when 1/3 of his group doesn’t show up to his first meeting
Black Krrsantan: Ooof
Black Krrsantan: When Ricardo says "we already have a meeting scheduled for today" and but we just got here
Boba Fett: When we leave all of the exodus GroupMes
Black Krrsantan: Matthew going straight to the top emailing Fr Fye and bypassing the group leaders
Black Krrsantan: "We already have a meeting scheduled for today!"
Black Krrsantan: null
Ludwig Göransson: “Michael I just sent you and email look at the diagram”
Black Krrsantan: You're gonna break Matthew Jacob 
Boba Fett: Come to the meeting tonight 
Black Krrsantan: "We will be meeting tonight see you there!"
Ludwig Göransson: You know, I’m something of an exodus group myself
Black Krrsantan: Look at little Exodus Junior. Gonna cry?
Ludwig Göransson: Our exodus meetings
Ludwig Göransson: Their exodus meetings
Black Krrsantan: When every 5 minutes there's a message in the Exodus 90 GroupMe
Black Krrsantan: After 2 weeks of inspirational dudebro quotes
Ludwig Göransson: When they add you to the group but expect you to come to the meeting tonight
Ludwig Göransson: I’m confused. I thought I was the crime lord
Black Krrsantan: Ricardo extends his heartfelt welcome 
Boba Fett: null
Black Krrsantan: Philip Reece trying to organize Exodus with people who should be part of parishes across the city from each other
Boba Fett: Telling them that we are creating our own group 
Boba Fett: All of us knowing what we must do 
Black Krrsantan: Jacob at work trying to bake but also look at spicy memes
Boba Fett: When groups were sent out 
Black Krrsantan: Me trying not to have a coughing fit from my sore throat laughing at memes
Boba Fett: Trying to organize exodus 90 groups not based on their parishes  
Black Krrsantan: LOL
Boba Fett: When they are listing all the exodus rules but we have already done it. 
Black Krrsantan: null
Ludwig Göransson: Me when I saw y’all’s gifs about the exodus groups
Boba Fett: Hey Ricardo thanks for inviting us to the group but I don’t think it’s going to work for Jacob Chris and me. The meeting place is all the way across town. I think we are just going to be in our own group do exodus as a house.
Ludwig Göransson: A message needs to be sent very soon so that they can reorganize their group