I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Nada
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Go on without me
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: I'm too weak
Darth Plagueis the Wise: null
Jacob Babbitt: NO DONT BRING BACK UGANDAN KNUCKLES NOT IN THIS CHAT
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: He does not kno de wae
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Also my phone has decided that once again it wants to stop charging
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: It's really convenient like that 
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: So I know I missed yesterday but I've been busy today and haven't eaten butttt also wanna go to adoration at the cathedral...sooooo what if I proposed Cook Out?
Darth Plagueis the Wise: Well sadly Jacob and I are my house. 
Darth Plagueis the Wise: At*
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Buncha plebs you better not be playing Counter Strike
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: I'm buying these lol. We're watching them.
Jacob Babbitt: No
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: You think I'm joking it's in the basket
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: It's happening 
Jacob Babbitt: “I have $67 to my name”
Jacob Babbitt: Buys 3 movies
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: It's 3 bucks
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: For the meme
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: I love my memes
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Fine I'll listen to my better judgment but I will come back for these
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: GENERAL KENOBI
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: What in the world happened in the Patron Saint of Memes chat?
Darth Plagueis the Wise: @I Want Pictures of Spiderman 
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: LOL
Darth Plagueis the Wise: Was this you? 
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: No but I wish it was
Darth Plagueis the Wise: Don’t lie to me 
Jacob Babbitt: Probably Fressia or Abby
Darth Plagueis the Wise: Oh true I didn’t see the room number 
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: null
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: I don't know if you remember this Jacob but Peter tried to set me up on a date with Elizabeth Boulet as part of that ridiculous triple date  scheme.
Jacob Babbitt: We talked about this today
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Ok I couldn't remember if that was you or Abby. So I just met the younger Kim and she asked me if I know Elizabeth and then immediately launched into trying to set us up.
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: What is with these Kims lol
Jacob Babbitt: What year is Elizabeth
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Senior
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Classical piano performance major if you're wondering that as well. 
Jacob Babbitt: I know what her major is lol
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: NO
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Anyone wanna help Mister Janson move in?
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: LOL my MIS professor wants all the Mac users to install software that emulates Windows OS
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: I win this round
Jacob Babbitt: Yeah because Windows is better than Mac
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Down with Apple
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: I don't care if Steve Jobs founded Pixar
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: I just took a nap I feel so dirty 
Darth Plagueis the Wise: Nice 
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: YEET
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Also sidenote I went to bed at 10 and woke up at 6 I'm literally becoming Matthew help me
Jacob Babbitt: https://youtu.be/Wm-Pa5ub2zI
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Why did you make me watch that Jacob
Darth Plagueis the Wise: null
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Where did you find this meme lol
Darth Plagueis the Wise: That’s classified 
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: -____-
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: I had to make the meme once I thought of it
Darth Plagueis the Wise: @Jacob Babbitt 
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Original content lel
Darth Plagueis the Wise: null
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Jacob and I already saw that General Reposti
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: But have your like
Darth Plagueis the Wise: UNLIMITED LIKES!!!!!!
Darth Plagueis the Wise: null
Darth Plagueis the Wise: null
Darth Plagueis the Wise: @I Want Pictures of Spiderman 
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Beautiful 
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: "Belmont is a desert oasis and Catholics cannot thrive in it." - out-of-context Joseph DiPaolo
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: The more I think about that statement the less it makes sense
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: "With you with you with you"
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: @Jacob Babbitt 
Jacob Babbitt: Hehe
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Oh the mems
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: *sigh*
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Am I really going to have to do this?
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Oof my DMs
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: *walk in with an overwhelming wave of Belmont freshmen*
"My powers have doubled since the last time we met, Vandy"
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Credit to Mr. McDevitt
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: U
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Whoops lol I was trying to say I didn't mention this but like 3 pews were filled with freshmen at CTK 11 am so we're starting very strong boys
Darth Plagueis the Wise: lol my date this summer
Darth Plagueis the Wise: null
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: G E N E R A L  R E P O S T I
Jacob Babbitt: null
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Lolol what a guy
Darth Plagueis the Wise: Lol
Darth Plagueis the Wise: As long as she goes to UT
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: He once said "I could see myself marrying Margaret because she's Mexican"
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: "This is what discipleship means. It means I can use you." - Chris Bordiuk
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: "Hallo boyos. Mesa back!" https://v.groupme.com/30437902/2018-08-30T03:17:40Z/42b1c1bc.640x360r90.mp4
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: I think we should watch this video as a part of Freshman-Palooza tomorrow Jacob.
Darth Plagueis the Wise: That’s a spicy meme 
Darth Plagueis the Wise: null
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Sometimes I just think of prequel lines and then realize they make no sense
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: "A communications disruption can mean only one thing: invasion."

Like what
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: It could a lotta things bruh check ya antenna
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Thank you for coming to my TED Talk
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: ...Thomas went and bought 5000 dollar bagpipes