Tech: null
Tech: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4olbmb2KTrA
Tech: null
Paarthurnax: Anyone know if the landlord came by yet
Tech: Not that I know of 
J'zargo the Great: Oh gosh 
J'zargo the Great: More Awakening tea
Paarthurnax: Hey lads slight change in plans and DJ is now most likely coming Friday either afternoon or evening. Okay with everyone?
Tech: Sure I get off early on Friday 
Paarthurnax: @J'zargo the Great Matthew and I are getting wings for dinner, should we get some for you or nah?
Paarthurnax: Bringing them back to eat here
J'zargo the Great: Hmm
J'zargo the Great: Sure
J'zargo the Great: I may or not have heard that
J'zargo the Great: So in addition to Joey and DJ Aron Aziz will be in town this weekend would like to come say hello to us and see the house 
J'zargo the Great: Lol
Paarthurnax: Sheesh
J'zargo the Great: Awwwww yeah
Paarthurnax: When is he coming
J'zargo the Great: I'm off this weekend so it depends on your schedule 
J'zargo the Great: @Tech the plumber guy is coming I'm giving you his number
J'zargo the Great: Him your number*
J'zargo the Great: Lol
Tech: Jacob is here I have meeting 
J'zargo the Great: 👀
GroupMe: J'zargo the Great changed name to グリード
グリード: I'll be home around 2:30 and will be fixing up the place and will get that fly trap installed
グリード: Joey will be getting in around 4ish and I'll get him set up in the attic party room
Paarthurnax: I am cleaning as we speak
Paarthurnax: null
Paarthurnax: @グリード Where you are sleeping
Paarthurnax: Up with the mold
グリード: Yes
グリード: Moldy boiz
Tech: @グリード  What are your dinner plans? 
Tech: And what time will joey be here @グリード 
グリード: Like an hour
グリード: None at the moment
Tech: My phone got cracked so I’m trying to get that fixed 
グリード: I'm trying to hunt down mold killer lol
グリード: Today is wild between the coffee and this
グリード: Did the actual phone crack or just the protector @Tech 
Tech: The screen is cracked 
グリード: I just attacked the mold with some high acidity vinegar so the stuff on the surface will be under control a little better
グリード: Unfortunately because there's a hole in the roof it'll probably spread again more quickly 
グリード: I've sent another pleading email to Shelly to help get things expedited
Tech: null
Tech: https://www.reddit.com/r/nashville/comments/pi3ec7/corner_of_harding_road_and_white_bridge/
Tech: null
Paarthurnax: https://youtu.be/RnrgUejwUI4
グリード: easiest decision of my life
Paarthurnax: Sadge 
グリード: McDougals anyone?
Paarthurnax: HMMMMMM
グリード: Say some prayers for my great uncle and the repose of his soul. He passed away today in the monastery infirmary.
Paarthurnax: Eternal rest grant unto him, O Lord. And may perpetual light shine upon him
Tech: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uxykI30fS54
グリード: Four interviews lined up for the next week for accounting/business admin jobs. It's becoming relatively clear that "entry level" does not mean "entry level" in the music business lol
グリード: Y'all wanna get dinner?
グリード: Miranda wants to get McDougal's and wanted to invite you two
Tech: Lol is it open 
グリード: Yes
グリード: I knew someone would say that 
グリード: Oh jeez here we go again
Tech: null
グリード: Soooooo yes on dinner?
Tech: Sure
グリード: Awww yeah
グリード: 6pm
Paarthurnax: Leaving at 6 or meeting there at 6?
グリード: Meeting at 6
グリード: Ok so
グリード: Were going to 12 South McDougals
Tech: What! 
グリード: Yeah
Tech: Heresy ￼
グリード: I don't want to wait for one of the 4 tables to open up at Belcourt
グリード: I thought you were Mr. Efficiency 
グリード: null
Tech: Driving farther isn’t very efficient 
Tech: But I will do what I must 
グリード: Driving farther is still less time than waiting at Belcourt
グリード: That's my last word
グリード: Anyway I'm leaving like now
Tech: Hello there 
グリード: I don't understand what angle this was taken at lol
Tech: On the stairs 
グリード: Is it upside down?
グリード: Sideways?
グリード: None of this makes any sense
Tech: It’s zoomed in it I’m looking down 
グリード: I'll take your word for it 
Paarthurnax: Visiting priest I give 5/10
Paarthurnax: No obvious heresies. Mostly followed this missal. Homily wasn’t very well constructed. Be on the look out for weird hand movements, especially during the Eucharistic prayer and the Agnes Dei
Tech: Rip 
Tech: Boomer mass always feels longer 
グリード: Ok Boomer
グリード: Boomers* plural
グリード: You're both boomers
Tech: null