The Godfather: What is going on???
Yeeter of Souls: I’m making a reference
The Godfather: to what?
Yeeter of Souls: The Lion King
The Godfather: oh i see
GroupMe: Yeeter of Souls changed name to Timone, Yeeter of Souls
GroupMe: The Godfather changed name to Meme Lord
Everybody Is Good: And I thought I was just Simba because of Will raising me up last Awakening
Timone, Yeeter of Souls: Where is that video
Timone, Yeeter of Souls: @Everybody Is Good 
Everybody Is Good: Not on my Exodus 90
Everybody Is Good: Banned
Timone, Yeeter of Souls: No I neeeeeeeeed it
Everybody Is Good: null
Timone, Yeeter of Souls: I’m in that video I will sue you
Timone, Yeeter of Souls: null
Timone, Yeeter of Souls: null
Everybody Is Good: Wow
Timone, Yeeter of Souls: XD
Meme Lord: We have foretold this relationship happening  
Everybody Is Good: Y'all are ridiculous 
Timone, Yeeter of Souls: Are we ridiculous? Or are we prophetic?
Everybody Is Good: null
Everybody Is Good: what in the
Timone, Yeeter of Souls: DO IT
Everybody Is Good: How did this happen
Meme Lord: Spicy meme 
Everybody Is Good: I'm baffled
Timone, Yeeter of Souls: Not o
Meme Lord: How do I hack the system 
Timone, Yeeter of Souls: I*
Everybody Is Good: I feel like Sofia is behind this
Timone, Yeeter of Souls: Not your PMA brothers?
Everybody Is Good: I've skipped chapter like 6 times in a row lol
Timone, Yeeter of Souls: Maybe that’s your punishment lol
Everybody Is Good: I'm so freakin confused
Timone, Yeeter of Souls: Chris please do it
Everybody Is Good: We tried over and over to get this to happen to Bordiuk how am I the one getting this email
Everybody Is Good: I don't know what to do with this
Meme Lord: You can win 
Everybody Is Good: I don't wanna go stand in front of the student body
Timone, Yeeter of Souls: @Everybody Is Good You have to
Everybody Is Good: Yeah I actually do because I've been put on the court already somehow
Everybody Is Good: Just when I thought my life couldn't get any more strange and meme-filled
Everybody Is Good: Now I have to go explain to my bosses that I can't work the last basketball game because somehow I got put on the Homecoming Court lol
Everybody Is Good: Quote Abby Grant "I thought it would be a good meme but then I got really invested in writing it for an hour"
Everybody Is Good: Now all of Phi Mu Alpha has pledged their allegiance to me as their "once and future king"
Everybody Is Good: null
Meme Lord: Haha
Everybody Is Good: Good meme good meme
Everybody Is Good: ...
Timone, Yeeter of Souls: Should I tell BCC happy Valentine’s Day if I am in fact “dating” them? @Meme Lord 
Everybody Is Good: Lol
Everybody Is Good: I'm printing out place cards for the dinner and the lady asked me if I'm getting married
Timone, Yeeter of Souls: To which you responded?
Everybody Is Good: No
Everybody Is Good: What do you think I said lol
Timone, Yeeter of Souls: Idk you probably internally panicked and then blushed and then said no quietly
Everybody Is Good: ...
Timone, Yeeter of Souls: Well?
Everybody Is Good: Sigh
Timone, Yeeter of Souls: Are you ready for your date Sunday?
Everybody Is Good: Uh mostly 
Timone, Yeeter of Souls: Can we hear your plan?
Timone, Yeeter of Souls: Not trying to meme I honestly want to know
Everybody Is Good: Loveless Cafe followed by a TBD activity
Timone, Yeeter of Souls: Also, we all survived Awakening weekend without a car incident! Is the curse broken?
Timone, Yeeter of Souls: Nice @Everybody Is Good 
Everybody Is Good: Thanks coach 
Everybody Is Good: Flowers are stupid
Timone, Yeeter of Souls: Why
Timone, Yeeter of Souls: null
Timone, Yeeter of Souls: null
Timone, Yeeter of Souls: Lolol
Everybody Is Good: I'm gonna make us famous 
Everybody Is Good: I will convert all of Belmont by being homecoming king
Meme Lord: Lol a Belmont tailgate 
Everybody Is Good: TAKE THAT VANDY
Everybody Is Good: Trying to get a scholarship from the Alumni Association, either of you fellas wanna proofread my essay?
Everybody Is Good: I have a SASH now lol
Meme Lord: lol
Everybody Is Good: They made me wear it in public 
Everybody Is Good: As soon as the picture was done I removed it
Meme Lord: its the hardship of being king
Everybody Is Good: I'm also the only junior
Everybody Is Good: And apparently more than one person nominated me
Meme Lord: lololol this is the best meme
Everybody Is Good: The memery just keep exponentially increasing 
Meme Lord: all according to plan
Timone, Yeeter of Souls: So during lunch I was sitting looking at my phone and Cassie Meredith is sitting next to me. She sees my on my phone and she goes “ooh Jacob you textin a pretty girl?”
Timone, Yeeter of Souls: I was praying midday prayer lol
Timone, Yeeter of Souls: I was like “ummm not quite” lol
Everybody Is Good: Lol I love Cassie
Meme Lord: Lol
Timone, Yeeter of Souls: Have fun tomorrow @Everybody Is Good 
Timone, Yeeter of Souls: But not too much fun
Everybody Is Good: Thanks I think 
Everybody Is Good: I need an umbrella SOS
Timone, Yeeter of Souls: I do not own an umbrella
Meme Lord: How far are you from Nolensville 