Chris Castel: MY FOREHEAD ITCHES BUT I CAN'T SCRATCH
Chris Castel: AHHHHHH
Matthew McDevitt: Lol
Matthew McDevitt: im going to the caf at 6:30 if anyone want to join me '
Jacob Babbitt: No
Chris Castel: Seconded 
Chris Castel: Either of you fools free at 12? 
Chris Castel: Pls
Matthew McDevitt: no
Chris Castel: Incredible
Jacob Babbitt: No
Chris Castel: 😢
Chris Castel: I ded
Matthew McDevitt: f
Chris Castel: Yet you couldn't pay respects to Timmy the sprout
Matthew McDevitt: haha
Matthew McDevitt: rip Timmy 21 gun salute
Chris Castel: He was a brave plant
Chris Castel: No - the bravest 
Chris Castel: I tell you, I've got a friend - good friend, great guy
Chris Castel: His name is Jeff. He'll tell you all about how brave Timmy was.
Matthew McDevitt: he was a good friend and a cunning warrior.
Chris Castel: I just learned the origin of a meme from Fr. Fye
Jacob Babbitt: Do tell
Chris Castel: https://youtu.be/Ox8VtreWl5Q
Chris Castel: Obi-Wan has the high ground in Russell lobby
Chris Castel: This is happening right now
Chris Castel: null
Jacob Babbitt: https://v.groupme.com/30437902/2018-02-22T13:39:46Z/5a97e596.568x320r90.mp4
Jacob Babbitt: I just received this from Joseph DiPaulo
Matthew McDevitt: Nightmare fuel 
Matthew McDevitt: Pray for Jenny who doesn't know if she is going to Awakening or not. But she is thinking about going at the last minute.
Chris Castel: I need someone to help me. I'm probably gonna be late for work so I like need to jump into my work clothes. If one of you could grab my Sodexo shirt and black pants from my wardrobe and lay them out I'd be forever indebted.
Matthew McDevitt: im not in the room
Chris Castel: Puhhhh
Chris Castel: I did a stupid thing today and I've burned myself out completely. Would not advise; this feels like crap. 
Jacob Babbitt: What
Chris Castel: null
Chris Castel: AWAKENING TIME
Jacob Babbitt: Thank y’all for being champs and picking up my slack on clean up duty
Chris Castel: "Matthew McDevitt is a weirdo. Who the heck comes to Belmont to study poly-sci and economics? Weirdos." - me, to Lauren Lipa
Matthew McDevitt: Lol I’m transferring 
Matthew McDevitt: And I won’t be poor 
Chris Castel: But who will turn the lights off in the room for us?
Chris Castel: And wake up at 6 am clanging in the bathroom?
Matthew McDevitt: You will be lost with out me 
Chris Castel: null
GroupMe: Chris Castel changed the group's avatar
Chris Castel: Awwwwwwwwww yea
Jacob Babbitt: Well lads
Jacob Babbitt: The hour has come
Jacob Babbitt: We have run out of toilet paper
Matthew McDevitt: RIP 
Jacob Babbitt: RIP indeed
Matthew McDevitt: https://media2.giphy.com/media/xHwqspaBmfUMU/giphy.gif?cid=a058f94b5a95c2054b71484d67db5ada
Jacob Babbitt: That bag lasted us a Heckin long time thogh
Jacob Babbitt: Though*
Chris Castel: Wow u scrub we see u Jacob
Chris Castel: Keep pacin
Jacob Babbitt: Hey
Jacob Babbitt: This is my room too
Chris Castel: Lauren, Josie, and I are watching you
Chris Castel: U pacin real gud
Jacob Babbitt: That’s cool
Chris Castel: Aight bai fren
Matthew McDevitt: null
Chris Castel: null
Chris Castel: null
Chris Castel: Don't cause too much trouble lads. And you better not come back saying "war eagle" @Matthew McDevitt 
Jacob Babbitt: War Eagle
Chris Castel: Here's the prequel meme no one liked that I spoke of Matthew
Jacob Babbitt: If I could downvote this I would
Chris Castel: Owie
Chris Castel: Oh look who wound up in Alabama as well
Chris Castel: "My pillow is thick and firm. Like how I like my women." - Mr. Babbitt
Chris Castel: null
Chris Castel: I
Chris Castel: Cannot
Chris Castel: Right Now
Chris Castel: Jacob help me before I kill someone
Jacob Babbitt: What
Chris Castel: BRBRBRBRBRBRBALHHHHHHHHHHHH
Chris Castel: Gotta sneak in here and try to correct this now
Chris Castel: Whyyyy would she do this when she doesn't know all the details and why would she make an event if I said I was gonna make an announcement?
Chris Castel: I cannot
Chris Castel: There almost as if it never happened but it did
Chris Castel: UGH
Matthew McDevitt: Do what must be done, lord Vader! Do not hesitate! Show no mercy!
Chris Castel: Lol
Chris Castel: She still has the time wrong
Chris Castel: Alright I'm breathing
Chris Castel: null
Chris Castel: null
Chris Castel: null
Matthew McDevitt: A true masterpiece 
Chris Castel: One of Da Vinci's lesser-known paintings, the Mona Mesa
Chris Castel: Matthew said you should see it Jacob
Jacob Babbitt: Wow
Matthew McDevitt: null
Chris Castel: Lol ded