Google Fiber Hater: I’m still doing this deployment 
Brother Bill: That dinner was pure chaos
Brother Bill: Whit Smith and Fr. Michael Fye were chaotic beyond comparison and the new deacon was stuck in the middle with no idea what to do
Google Fiber Hater: null
Brother Bill: Deacon Collin last night after hearing Fr. Fye talk about sacred music for 30 minutes straight and Whit Smith go all over the place from ouija boards to guns to Europeans
Google Fiber Hater: Me returning our Google fiber equipment￼
Brother Bill: Puck of Ûdun
Brother Bill: Y'all catch a glimpse of the Cane's opening day madness?
Brother Bill: You'd think it was a freakin Chick-fil-A 
1978 Treebeard: @Brother Bill Go to bed
Brother Bill: I just got done grinding Battlefront leave me alone 
Brother Bill: Soon very soon I will have finished
Google Fiber Hater: Back in my day we would go to 9 pm mass and then wake up early Monday morning for morning prayer under the bell tower
Brother Bill: Weak smh
Brother Bill: These young whippersnappers 
Brother Bill: We had to work for our Mass and Divine Office in my day they just want it handed to then 🤡
1978 Treebeard: Me and the new assistant bakery manager are beefing over my bread
1978 Treebeard: Stay tuned for more Publix drama updates as the day goes on
Brother Bill: Uh oh
1978 Treebeard: @incompetent manager
Brother Bill: Assistant manager trying to explain to Jacob how to make bread
1978 Treebeard: LOL
1978 Treebeard: Basically the new bread has a SUPER wet dough, and so when you’re traying it up, you don’t want to use mineral oil, because it mixes into the dough too easily and can cause problems. But when you put it on the baking screens (done mixing and everything), it stick to the paper SUPER bad, so I asked Darla a couple weeks ago if it comes off the paper easy and she said, yea, I can use a release spray (Pam) so it could come off easier after baking.
1978 Treebeard: Well Charlotte came at me this morning about how I can’t use any oil or anything but I’m not mixing it in any oil, I’m just using the release spray
1978 Treebeard: And idk what the official procedure says, but Darla told me to use the release spray, so we will say what the guide says later today
1978 Treebeard: Aaaaaand she just took an order for a bread we don’t regularly make
Brother Bill: Chaos
1978 Treebeard: null
Google Fiber Hater: Lol
1978 Treebeard: null
1978 Treebeard: Also when I tried to save the above gif for some reason it took just one frame and for some reason I find this hilarious 
1978 Treebeard: My face when Charlotte tells me my bread is bad
1978 Treebeard: null
Brother Bill: @1978 Treebeard one of my clients has a gigs at the YMCA of the Rockies in Estes Park, Colorado today 👀
1978 Treebeard: LOL the guide verbatim says to spray the release spray
Brother Bill: Ded
Brother Bill: Another L for Charlotte
1978 Treebeard: null
Brother Bill: A folder for Charlotte
1978 Treebeard: Welcome, Charlotte the assistant bakery manager, come to me through the fire of a 450°F LMP industrial oven. Come, and look upon my perfect bread. Lay down your condescending tone of voice, it is not too late for my mercy. Look upon the Publix Bakery R&P guide, and see how I have done exactly as it has outlined. I’m Darla’s favorite, how can you kill Darla’s favorite? What a grand and intoxicating innocence. Everyday, I make perfect bread to feed the mongrel-dogs of Nashville so that they may eat. shame on you, sweet Charlotte, to accuse me of not making good bread.
Brother Bill: LOL
Brother Bill: Very very ded
Google Fiber Hater: DED
Brother Bill: In the land of Publix, where bakers toil,
There lived a humble soul named Jacob, loyal.
With flour on his hands and dough in his care,
He crafted bread, a labor he would share.

But troubles came upon his daily path,
In the form of Charlotte, assistant manager's wrath.
She criticized his every move, unjust,
From shaping loaves to his bread's crust.

"Jacob," she'd scold, with a venomous tone,
"You've erred again, your skills not fully honed.
Release spray on the bread, you fool," she cried,
Ignoring the manual, Jacob's guide.

Yet Darla, the manager, wise and fair,
Stood by Jacob, aware of Charlotte's snare.
She knew his dedication and baking art,
And defended him, playing her part.

"Charlotte," she said, her voice firm and clear,
"Jacob knows his craft, have no doubt or fear.
Trust in his skills, for he bakes with care,
Release spray or not, his loaves will be rare."
Brother Bill: Jacob, relieved by Darla's support,
Continued his work, with passion he sought.
He kneaded, he shaped, he baked with delight,
His loaves like golden treasures, a true sight. 

Charlotte, in her arrogance, soon realized,
That Jacob's skill could not be disguised.
Her criticisms fell on deafened ears,
As Jacob's talent silenced her fears. 

With each loaf that emerged, golden and grand,
Jacob's artistry flourished, taking command.
And Charlotte, humbled by her foolish pride,
Learned to respect the talent by her side. 

In the realm of Publix, a lesson was learned,
That true skill and dedication should be discerned.
For Jacob, the baker, had triumphed with grace,
And Charlotte, the critic, had found her rightful place. 

So let this tale echo through time and space,
A reminder of talent and its rightful embrace.
In the realm of bread, where flavors unite,
Jacob's artistry shone, bringing pure delight.
Google Fiber Hater: The legend of Jacob the baker will echo from age to age 
Brother Bill: Forget Ragnar the Red in with Jacob the Baker
1978 Treebeard: Lol
Brother Bill: Is it weird that I read this in the psalmody chant tone lol
Google Fiber Hater: Lol 
Brother Bill: I tried to get ChatGPT to write it in the style of a responsorial psalm but it's oscillating between just copying and pasting the original and straight sacrilege lol
Brother Bill: I guess that's a sign
Brother Bill: Anyway 
Brother Bill: M'aiq knows many things, no?
M'aiq the Liar: GroupMe is whack
1978 Treebeard: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eWHlVIbAAoM
Google Fiber Hater: https://tennesseeregister.com/fiat-integrative-health-clinic-brings-catholic-values-to-health-care/
1978 Treebeard: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QIaE4sphSn0
1978 Treebeard: One of the decorators told Darla about Charlotte’s issues with my bread yesterday while I had the day off and Darla was PISSED lol
1978 Treebeard: Darla said “yeah, Charlotte came in and I had the reference guide pulled up and ready right as she clocked in”
1978 Treebeard: OOF
1978 Treebeard: I don’t think Darla was very patient with her lol
Google Fiber Hater: Yes this the content I subscribe for 
1978 Treebeard: So Charlotte probably hates me now, even though I wasn’t the one who told Darla
1978 Treebeard: Oh well
Google Fiber Hater: Internet providers everytime @1978 Treebeard wants to play dota 2 
Ever-bake food release spray: I hate it here
M'aiq the Liar: LOL
Google Fiber Hater: null
M'aiq the Liar: We have no idea what we're doing for this coffee and doughnuts lol 
M'aiq the Liar: They gave zero direction 
Ever-bake food release spray: @Google Fiber Hater 
M'aiq the Liar: Extra long preface for the Most Holy Trinity pog
Ever-bake food release spray: https://www.buildabear.com/the-bear-cave/collabs/lord-of-the-rings?gclid=Cj0KCQjw7PCjBhDwARIsANo7Cgm5LcbY95-ElK1Aes9MFEZ6aOWm8kxYxkQVSE-83oRgN6ETK2gl858aAmv5EALw_wcB&utm_content=%7Bad%7D&utm_term=build%20a%20bear%20lord%20of%20the%20rings Lol
M'aiq the Liar: No more Dota come sit on the porch and watch fireflies @Ever-bake food release spray 
Ever-bake food release spray: I’m going to bed here soon, y’all have fun though!
M'aiq the Liar: Ok I'm gonna get on EU4 after I finish the Master Chief Collection @Google Fiber Hater 
Google Fiber Hater: Don’t do it 
M'aiq the Liar: Achievementsssss
Ever-bake food release spray: Today on the daily Publix show:
Darla clocked in at 3 AM so I came in and half of my job was done. Pog
M'aiq the Liar: Pog
Ever-bake food release spray: Basically there was a store manager who had an overnight shift, probably deep cleaning something or rearranging all the displays, and he locked himself out of the store at 2 AM somehow and so he texted Darla and was like “I’ll let you start early if you come let me in”
Ever-bake food release spray: And Darla said
Ever-bake food release spray: null
M'aiq the Liar: Lol
Google Fiber Hater: Fun fact they still haven’t  pushed out this release 
M'aiq the Liar: Classic
M'aiq the Liar: Time to jump ship Matthew 
Google Fiber Hater: At brunch on Sunday my parent were like are you looking for a new job yet 
M'aiq the Liar: Hahahaha they know
Google Fiber Hater: I already have my mercy 
Google Fiber Hater: Merch *
M'aiq the Liar: Come, ClarisHealth. Lay down your deployment. It is not too late for Matthew's mercy.
M'aiq the Liar: null
M'aiq the Liar: Wait. That's the wrong company  I can't keep track 
Google Fiber Hater: Ooooooffff
M'aiq the Liar: Jessie and I want to make firefly Sundays a thing for the summer and every week we can go to someone else's place and someone new can bring a snack/drink
M'aiq the Liar: What do y'all think
Ever-bake food release spray: Idk how many locations you’re going to have where that can happen, but otherwise I don’t see a problem
M'aiq the Liar: Pog 