M'aiq the Liar: Gordon Ramsey oh hell yes
Quickbeam (again): null
M'aiq the Liar: M'aiq is done watching football. Go bother somebody else.
Communist Heavy: End it 
Quickbeam (again): M’aiq is always in search of good American professional sports. Yet he finds none. Where could they have gone?
Communist Heavy: null
M'aiq the Liar: American soccer was never gone. It was just invisible, and very very quiet.
Communist Heavy: lol 
GroupMe Calendar: 'Chaos Day' is starting now
Communist Heavy: null
M'aiq the Liar: Let it begin
M'aiq the Liar: M'aiq has not heard of the Chaos Day. What does this mean? Khajiit have no such celebration in Elsweyr.
M'aiq the Liar: M'aiq is tired now. Go bother somebody else.
Quickbeam (again): null
M'aiq the Liar: This AI-powered Bing is actually really well-integrated from what I've seen so far
M'aiq the Liar: Amazing. This bot is automating my Microsoft Rewards now.
Communist Heavy: So I guess no Erin  
M'aiq the Liar: RIP in pepperoni 
Communist Heavy: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=3tM0Sow-2r8
Communist Heavy: @M'aiq the Liar 
Quickbeam (again): I’ve always wondered why Obama’s hands are two different colors in this cideo
Communist Heavy: Im in 
Communist Heavy: null
M'aiq the Liar: I've got my million dollar idea this is how we make it big boys
M'aiq the Liar: A talk box...but for car horns
Quickbeam (again): What
M'aiq the Liar: You know like a guitar talk box
M'aiq the Liar: But we make it for car horns
Quickbeam (again): I don’t get it
M'aiq the Liar: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HEPYgQAAFyw
M'aiq the Liar: If everyone had them in their cars you could lay on the horn and let the person know how you REALLY feel 😈
Communist Heavy: Bbbbbboooooooo 
Communist Heavy: null
M'aiq the Liar: Y'all just don't understand what a talk box is smh
M'aiq the Liar: Khajiit has many wares but none for you
GroupMe: Communist Heavy changed name to Not Stonks
Not Stonks: No Stonks for you @M'aiq the Liar 
Not Stonks: You guys missed Lighthouse 
M'aiq the Liar: Sorry to busy selling my ideas to people who get my vision 
M'aiq the Liar: M'aiq is done talking. Go bother somebody else.
Not Stonks: null
Quickbeam (again): Boy I sure do love seeing the Publix store manager putting her feet up on food safe surfaces to tie her shoes
Quickbeam (again): LOL I am literally cleaning off a shoe print from the top of a rolling food safe cart
Quickbeam (again): Get me out of here
M'aiq the Liar: Today on weird music Chris finds
M'aiq the Liar: Lolwut @Not Stonks 
Not Stonks: You have titans season tickets? 
M'aiq the Liar: No which is why I'm confused lol
Not Stonks: Sus
M'aiq the Liar: Looks like it's legit the heck
M'aiq the Liar: Idk if you're interested in IndyCar but if you want the promo code you can have it lol
Not Stonks: Sure why not I do want to go if anyone want to come with maybe I will see if Ryan wants to go 
Quickbeam (again): LOL “here’s this code for a presale for tickets that’s a 50/50 for being a scam”
M'aiq the Liar: I just said it was legit
M'aiq the Liar: I tried it on Ticketmaster 
Quickbeam (again): And I said it was 50/50 lol
M'aiq the Liar: It's the same link that you get from the MCGP website
M'aiq the Liar: But the link is just slightly different lol not very exclusive 
M'aiq the Liar: Not the domain the extension let me clarify
Not Stonks: Ok cool 
M'aiq the Liar: Hey @Not Stonks Mr. Core Group can you get the Taylor Swift bot in St. Ann chat
Quickbeam (again): TRUE why aren’t you an admin yet @Not Stonks 
M'aiq the Liar: Gumbo time :)
M'aiq the Liar: No duck this year lol
Quickbeam (again): Lol
M'aiq the Liar: Yo wait what
M'aiq the Liar: One of the guys in the St. Ann GroupMe was in Phi Mu Alpha with me
Not Stonks: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=qeN3tRofPGY
Quickbeam (again): I’m assuming no one has heard from Joseph
Quickbeam (again): He texted me saying he “can’t wait to share more” so I guess it all went well
Not Stonks: That’s the most focus answer ever 
M'aiq the Liar: That's about what he told me
Not Stonks: He wants us to join his support team to fund his wedding 
Quickbeam (again): Lol
M'aiq the Liar: I'm looking forward to sitting and not eating at this brunch lol
M'aiq the Liar: You know this engagement really is going to be gold for us because once Joseph gets married he'll probably be forced tone down his outings, meaning we can finally hang out with him without a waitlist lol
Not Stonks: Classic 
M'aiq the Liar: Joseph Joseph Joseph
Quickbeam (again): null
M'aiq the Liar: Zero chaos was had in the making of this gumbo 
Not Stonks: But no duck :( 
M'aiq the Liar: A duck is just a fatter chicken anyway
Not Stonks: How many recipes did you use 
M'aiq the Liar: My secret
Quickbeam (again): Lol
Not Stonks: You used them all didn’t you 
M'aiq the Liar: Ok well look the lady who wrote my cookbook hates roux for some reason 
Quickbeam (again): Tens of thousands
Not Stonks: Ded 
M'aiq the Liar: Lol
M'aiq the Liar: Maybe I need to just ask ChatGPT to put together a gumbo recipe that fits my specifications 
Not Stonks: null
M'aiq the Liar: Y'all remember that time Microsoft made an AI for Bing that openly admitted it would choose harming people to preserve the integrity of its system?
M'aiq the Liar: Classic
Quickbeam (again): Pete is a maybe for vespers tonight
Quickbeam (again): If he does show he probably won’t stay for dinner
Not Stonks: null
Not Stonks: Where are you @M'aiq the Liar 
M'aiq the Liar: Well boys it's that time of year again 
M'aiq the Liar: Sophie Druffner almost caused a riot in the big GroupMe because she decided she didn't like the name and changed it