Chris Castel: (whistles casually)
Jacob Babbitt: Prayers for my juries today, boys. First one is in less than an hour
Jacob Babbitt: Please
Chris Castel: I gotchu
Chris Castel: I got my third final of the day in an hour and a half lol
Matthew McDevitt: I'm at the cafeteria if anyone want to hangout /study 
Matthew McDevitt:  Chris tomorrow do you want to play corn hole  tomorrow together
Chris Castel: I'll be working during the cornhole tournament unfortunately
Matthew McDevitt: ðŸ™
Chris Castel: Do either of you lads have a fridge and/or microwave?
Matthew McDevitt: Yes I have both 
Chris Castel: LIT
Jacob Babbitt: Same
Chris Castel: awwwww yea
Jacob Babbitt: Either of you not eaten/want to get food with me?
Matthew McDevitt: I just got back from eating
Jacob Babbitt: I shake my first in your general direction
Jacob Babbitt: @Chris Castel ???
Chris Castel: I'm at Frass sorry
Jacob Babbitt: What's going down at Frass?
Jacob Babbitt: Studying?
Matthew McDevitt: im at the library but i might go to Frass later
Jacob Babbitt: I'm just bored out of my mind
Jacob Babbitt: And hungry
Matthew McDevitt: do you have a exam tomorrow
Jacob Babbitt: No, but a group project due but we're done with it
Chris Castel: Yeah we're studying at Frass, the Kim and I
Chris Castel: Blake Tamez popped in earlier
Chris Castel: null
Chris Castel: Looks like I am going through Huntsville@Jacob Babbitt 
Chris Castel: Or at least really near
Jacob Babbitt: @Chris Castel Did you make it home alright?
Chris Castel: Took me 12 hours but yes
Chris Castel: And that CD on the Mass was lit as heck
Chris Castel: Also I fixed my phone!
Matthew McDevitt: Nice!
Chris Castel: null
Matthew McDevitt: So how's everyone's summer going? 
Jacob Babbitt: Pretty good. Not doing too much and it's great
Jacob Babbitt: You?
Matthew McDevitt: It's good. I'm just super busy with summer classes.
Jacob Babbitt: What are you taking?
Matthew McDevitt: Philosophy, Chemistry and Psychology
Jacob Babbitt: Are they tough?
Matthew McDevitt: Chemistry is hard because it's online and a lot of work
Jacob Babbitt: Chemistry is pretty challenging just as a subject too
Chris Castel: Don't even get me started on chemistry. I thought physics was easier.
Chris Castel: As for me, I've been working two jobs since I got home. And browsing r/PrequelMemes on reddit. And that's pretty much it haha.
Jacob Babbitt: What are your jobs?
Chris Castel: Five Guys 11am - 8 pm most days, Hungry Howie's 9 pm - 1 pm as a driver.
Jacob Babbitt: Wait what
Chris Castel: ?
Jacob Babbitt: 9 PM to 1 PM?
Chris Castel: Whoops 1 am*
Jacob Babbitt: Okay I was about to say that sounds awful
Chris Castel: Tbh it's still pretty rough lol
Matthew McDevitt: Yeah I was about to say  
Matthew McDevitt: I can't imagine working until 1am 
Chris Castel: Howie's is honestly much better and I make more per hour thanks to tips
Matthew McDevitt: But honestly I'm ready for summer to end. 
Jacob Babbitt: Part of me wants summer to end and part of me doesn't
Chris Castel: Yeah I'm ready for school again lol
Matthew McDevitt: Well we have the last move in date. 
Chris Castel: Aron and co. at Vandy have the Fratican so I think we Belmonts need a nifty name for our suite.
Jacob Babbitt: "The room where Jacob sleeps"
Matthew McDevitt: The Bruin Basilica 
Jacob Babbitt: I'm not sure I'm comfortable calling out dorm room a basilica lol
Jacob Babbitt: Our*
Matthew McDevitt: Well it's not the Vatican 
Matthew McDevitt:  That is my best name ideaðŸ’¡ 
Jacob Babbitt: Guys I can't wait for Awakening this fall
Matthew McDevitt: Yeah it will be interesting for me to be on the other side. 
Jacob Babbitt: Dude I'm so excited for you
Chris Castel: Either of you fellas own a blu ray player
Jacob Babbitt: I own a PS4 which plays Blu Ray
Chris Castel: Do you also have a TV
Chris Castel: Cuz I don't haha
Matthew McDevitt: I will be bringing the microwave and fridge. 
Chris Castel: That's good because I have neither of those either >.>
Jacob Babbitt: I have a very small TV
Chris Castel: Something is better than nothing
Jacob Babbitt: I use it as a computer monitor if that tells you anything
Matthew McDevitt: Maybe we will all pitch in a little for a cheap and middle size tv 
Chris Castel: Hmmmm
Chris Castel: That could work
Jacob Babbitt: Maybe. I'm hesitant to do that though because then it doesn't belong to anyone and then we'd have to decide who gets to keep it at the end of the year
Chris Castel: I ask because I just ordered the Star Wars the complete saga on Blu-ray while not currently owning a Blu-ray player lol
Chris Castel: I'd let one of you guys have it. I'm not particularly possessive.
Matthew McDevitt: Same but I think we do need a TV 
Matthew McDevitt: Im not too worried who owns. If none of us want it by the end. Then we can sell it or donate it to someone 
Chris Castel: Or smash it
Matthew McDevitt: If we are going to watch blu rays and play video games we need a TV 
Jacob Babbitt: I mean I agree, I just want to make sure we all communicate about this before we invest in a TV
Matthew McDevitt: Of course
Chris Castel: We'll get into it in-depth once we actually get back to Belmont 
Matthew McDevitt: I mean how much more in depth do we need to get about buying a TV?
Matthew McDevitt: https://www.amazon.com/TCL-32S305-32-Inch-Smart-Model/dp/B01MU1GBLL/?tag=aboutcom02lifewire2-20
Matthew McDevitt: here is a cheaper TV it cost $160 and would cost $53. This is one option that we have.
Chris Castel: Well things could change between now and August plus we won't know just how much space we have until we're moved in
Chris Castel: Space is an important factor