GONK: 'Did you ever hear the Tragedy of Darth Plagueis the wise? I thought not. It's not a story the Jedi would tell you. It's a Sith legend. Darth Plagueis was a Dark Lord of the Sith, so powerful and so wise he could use the Force to influence the midichlorians to create life... He had such a knowledge of the dark side that he could even keep the ones he cared about from dying. The dark side of the Force is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural. He became so powerful... the only thing he was afraid of was losing his power, which eventually, of course, he did. Unfortunately, he taught his apprentice everything he knew, then his apprentice killed him in his sleep. It's ironic he could save others from death, but not himself.'
GONK: Lol
Yah-eet!: Lol now he’s gotta scroll all the way up to find the address XD
Supreme Chancellor: my motivation to pick you up is fading away
GONK: Boi
Supreme Chancellor: null
Supreme Chancellor: null
Supreme Chancellor: null
Supreme Chancellor: null
Supreme Chancellor: null
Supreme Chancellor: null
Yah-eet!: Made it home boys
Yah-eet!: Already sold one shirt @GONK 
Yah-eet!: My sister wants one lol
Yah-eet!: Save a small for her, will ya?
Yah-eet!: I’ll Venmo you later
Supreme Chancellor: Lol 
GONK: I've got a great PR team
GONK: Now I just need you and Ben to get Jimmy interested in one Matthew 
GONK: Then I'd be set
Supreme Chancellor: That's easy honestly 
GONK: Then
GONK: null
Supreme Chancellor: Maybe 
GONK: If I sell more shirts that means we can get an apartment boi
Supreme Chancellor: null
Yah-eet!: @GONK Is Patrick “Horn Daddy”?
Supreme Chancellor: Yup lol 
Yah-eet!: Patrick has 300 hours on RL???
Yah-eet!: null
Yah-eet!: null
Yah-eet!: @GONK hasn't signed up for awakening
Yah-eet!: he's going to miss my first email smh
Yah-eet!: @Supreme Chancellor Thoughts? Lol
Supreme Chancellor: I didn't get an email
Yah-eet!: I sent it to your Belmont email because that’s the only one I had
Supreme Chancellor: No no mmcdevitt1997@gmail.com 
Yah-eet!: It said something went wrong, did you get it or nah
Supreme Chancellor: No I didn't 
Yah-eet!: HECK why won’t it forward
Yah-eet!: @Supreme Chancellor Says sent now
Supreme Chancellor: None of the images loaded 
Yah-eet!: Whyyyyyyyy
Yah-eet!: They loaded when I sent it to myself
Supreme Chancellor: null
Yah-eet!: Maybe because I copied and pasted?? Idk
Supreme Chancellor: LAME
Yah-eet!: Yeah that was it
Yah-eet!: Whatever you get no memes goodnight
Yah-eet!: Just log into your Belmont account you scrub
Supreme Chancellor: i cant
Supreme Chancellor: Spicy memea
Supreme Chancellor: memes*
Yah-eet!: Are you proud, dad?
Supreme Chancellor: carry on my legacy son
GONK: Your legacy?
GONK: My emails were pretty good too
GONK: How can you have sent Awakening emails but not have a legacy?
GONK: This is outrageous. It's unfair.
GONK: Lol I see you @Yah-eet! 
GONK: I like Jacob's memes best
Supreme Chancellor: null
GONK: Our Lady of Guadalupe spotted in the studios upstairs YEEEET
GONK: r/Catholicism is such a strange place
GONK: null
Supreme Chancellor: null
GONK: Ya yeet
Supreme Chancellor: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e7BkmF8CJpQ
Yah-eet!: “And then this motif is played but is mashed with this motif while this other motif is about to take over but not before we hear hints of this motif” lol
Yah-eet!: We love Howard shore
GONK: I forgot that I have 2GB of memes on my external hard drive 
GONK: We gonna have some fun 2nite boiz
Yah-eet!: I honestly think his motifs are much more sophisticated than Williams’
GONK: DISLIKE
Yah-eet!: I didn’t say better
Yah-eet!: I said more sophisticated
GONK: BLASPHEMY
GONK: KICK HIM MATTHEW 
GONK: O wait
Supreme Chancellor: FIGHT!
Yah-eet!: HECK
GONK: I'm about to end this man's whole career
Yah-eet!: LILO CLOCKED THAT GIRL
GroupMe: GONK removed Yah-eet! from the group.
GroupMe: GONK added Jacob Babbitt to the group.
GroupMe: Supreme Chancellor removed GONK from the group.
Supreme Chancellor: I will do what must be done
Jacob Babbitt: null
GroupMe: Supreme Chancellor added Chris Castel to the group.
Chris Castel: Mesa caused one or two-y little bitty accidenties
Chris Castel: You'd say boom da gasser
Jacob Babbitt: And banished!
Chris Castel: "My afraid my have been banished"
Supreme Chancellor: Wow Jeremy leaves today
Supreme Chancellor: Fs in the chat
Chris Castel: :(
Chris Castel: Honestly it's pretty sad
GroupMe: Chris Castel changed name to Big Gooberfish
GroupMe: Big Gooberfish changed their avatar
Big Gooberfish: But I think he'll be back. There's no way he gives up here.