I am confusion: Okay
I'm Upset Matthew Won't Respond Disrespect: I'm still boycotting that chat
Do you love me? I tell her Only partly: *My reaction internally when Peter is telling me that he still thinks he is going to marry Racheal and they have only been dating for a couple of months* 
I'm Upset Matthew Won't Respond Disrespect: Oh sweet mama
I'm Upset Matthew Won't Respond Disrespect: No no Peter
I'm Upset Matthew Won't Respond Disrespect: Emotional chastity u fool
Do you love me? I tell her Only partly: Yeah I don’t known what to do with this boy 
Do you love me? I tell her Only partly: @I am confusion What time is your recital on Friday? 
I am confusion: 7:30 PM
I am confusion: Yeah he’s going to be hurting if they break up
I'm Upset Matthew Won't Respond Disrespect: Ugh I agree with that but I feel like I shouldn't like the message at the same time
Do you love me? I tell her Only partly: That's what I told him 
I am confusion: To give him the benefit of the doubt, t is a fine line to walk
I am confusion: Because it isn’t wrong of him to hope for that
Do you love me? I tell her Only partly: That's the problem it's not hope. He talks about it like he knows it 
I'm Upset Matthew Won't Respond Disrespect: I feel like they are going to burn out hard
Do you love me? I tell her Only partly: Me- ”Peter why do you think you're going to marry Rachel” Peter- ”Oh I don't know I can just feel it. It's different this time I just know it” 
I'm Upset Matthew Won't Respond Disrespect: OOOOOOOOOOF
I am confusion: It was around this time freshman year when I got messed up
Do you love me? I tell her Only partly: Well he will be spending spring break with 
Do you love me? I tell her Only partly: Her
Do you love me? I tell her Only partly: The longest amount they have spent together 
Do you love me? I tell her Only partly: Will be spring break 
I am confusion: Where is she from
Do you love me? I tell her Only partly: I'm not sure I think she's from Tennessee 
I am confusion: Makes sense
Do you love me? I tell her Only partly: I just have that I can't save him 
I am confusion: No, you can’t, but if he falls you’ve gotta be there to pick him back up
I am confusion: Don’t let him make the same mistakes I made
I am confusion: Or he’ll be in a world of hurt for much longer than he ought
Do you love me? I tell her Only partly: Yeah, the only thing we can do is to pray and be there for him. 
Do you love me? I tell her Only partly: A new rule for all future Awakenings: thou shall not date someone that you just met on that awakening 
I am confusion: Lol
I am confusion: Don’t date until you’re married
Do you love me? I tell her Only partly: At least we know you need visit TTU @I am confusion 
I am confusion: I need to visit TTU?
I am confusion: Why? Lol
I am confusion: To find a girlfriend?
I am confusion: Listen @Do you love me? I tell her Only partly 
I am confusion: If they’re in love with you and you don’t know their name yet
I am confusion: It ain’t happening
Do you love me? I tell her Only partly: Iol true
Do you love me? I tell her Only partly: I'm just trying my best over here
I am confusion: Thanks @Do you love me? I tell her Only partly 
I am confusion: Your best is all I ask for lol
I am confusion: Your name is too long it needs to be changed
Do you love me? I tell her Only partly: Thank coach 
Do you love me? I tell her Only partly: Thanks*
Do you love me? I tell her Only partly: Hhhhmmm a new name 
GroupMe: I am confusion changed name to .
GroupMe: Do you love me? I tell her Only partly changed name to ?
.: Lol
?: Lol
?: ???????????????
.: Can it be spring break yet
?: Not yet 
?: I am spring break!!!
.: -_-
?: Man I’m so ready for bed 
.: Story of your life @? 
.: WAIT
GroupMe: . changed name to @
?: Oh no 
?: @@ 
?: Lol
?: Well it’s time for bed goodnight 
@: Classic matthew
@: Looks like it’s just you and me @I'm Upset Matthew Won't Respond Disrespect 
@: Looks like it was really just me
?: Lol
@: Did you see Josh’s post in Peter’s Catholic Friends @? 
?: Yes lol
?: High quality meme 
@: Ah but Chris can’t see it
@: What a shame
@: Truly unlucky
@: He would only need to rejoin Peters Catholic Friends
@: And then he would see the quality Josh meme
@: I feel like the 3 of us feel like we have really sophisticated taste in memes, and then Josh is on another level.
@: We’re like “ah yes, we have quality memes” but really Josh looks down on people like us and our memes
?: Josh is the true meme lord 
@: I’m sorry meme lord
?: When anytime Josh post a meme 
GroupMe: I'm Upset Matthew Won't Respond Disrespect changed name to Peter Kim
GroupMe: Peter Kim changed the group's avatar
Peter Kim: Whoops
@: No
Peter Kim: Wrong avatar
GroupMe: Peter Kim changed their avatar
?: Nope 
Peter Kim: Awwwwww yeah
Peter Kim: Have you ever had a dream?
GroupMe: ? changed the group's avatar
@: David still has no likes
?: Goooddd...
Peter Kim: Who even is part of an engineering and robotics club at Belmont anyway
Peter Kim: What is this, Vandy?
?: Lol is its a fake organization 
Peter Kim: Do they understand their demographic lol
@: I read “what is this, Vandy?” the same way Chris says “what are you waiting for, Chinese New Year?”