One Unsalty Boi: Back to Nashville we go
Salty Single Pringle: What time will you be back @One Unsalty Boi 
One Unsalty Boi: I just pulled into Dickens garage 
Salty Single Pringle: Well I’m at frass lol 
One Unsalty Boi: What do you want, a raise?
One Unsalty Boi: You're supposed to be taking pictures of Spider-Man
One Unsalty Boi: Back out of Dickens we go
Salty Single Pringle: Oh no 
Salty Single Pringle: null
One Unsalty Boi: null
Salty Single Pringle: why you no like my memes @One recital-y boi 
One Unsalty Boi: Yeah
One recital-y boi: Lol
Salty Single Pringle: null
Salty Single Pringle: “Wow it’s good” - Chris at Baja 
One recital-y boi: I’m back in Nashville tomorrow boyos 
Salty Single Pringle: This is how we get girls to like us @One recital-y boi 
One recital-y boi: @Salty Single Pringle Has slowly changed his GroupMe nickname so that the abbreviation is SSP. Coincidence? I think not. Soon he will add an X to the end so he can be the SSPX
One recital-y boi: I’m onto your schemes @Salty Single Pringle 
Salty Single Pringle: Lol @One recital-y boi 
One recital-y boi: @One Unsalty Boi I knew it would come to this. I was right. The SSPX are taking over!
Salty Single Pringle: Have you ever heard the tragedy of Pope Pius X ? 
One recital-y boi: Vatican II killed him in his sleep
One recital-y boi: It’s not a story the modernist Catholics will tell you. It is a trad legend
One recital-y boi: The trad church is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be uncharitable
One recital-y boi: Pope Pius X was an old pope. So pious and so traditionalist that he could use his abilities to create.... saints. 
One recital-y boi: Is it possible to learn this power? Not from the Novus Ordo
Salty Single Pringle: Lol
One Unsalty Boi: I was trolled https://v.groupme.com/30437902/2019-03-14T19:15:41Z/5ab7898b.640x360r90.mp4
Salty Single Pringle: Really lol
One Unsalty Boi: Press F to pay respects 
Salty Single Pringle: F
One recital-y boi: F
One recital-y boi: Baited
Salty Single Pringle: null
One Unsalty Boi: WE'RE LOSING REINFORCEMENTS
GroupMe: One Unsalty Boi changed their avatar
GroupMe: One Unsalty Boi changed name to Joseph DiPaolo
Joseph DiPaolo: She's perfect in every way but she raises her hands up for every response during Mass
Salty Single Pringle: Nope 
One recital-y boi: Aren’t you supposed to be in Mexico @Joseph DiPaolo 
One recital-y boi: Falling in love with one of the other missionaries or your mission partners?
GroupMe: Joseph DiPaolo changed their avatar
GroupMe: Joseph DiPaolo changed name to Regular Boi
Regular Boi: That got intense quick I'm out lol
One recital-y boi: Lol
One recital-y boi: Where are you @Regular Boi 
Salty Single Pringle: Lol
Regular Boi: I just got off work
One recital-y boi: Come to 2910
Regular Boi: Up the long, long hill yet again
Regular Boi: "I'll clean your bowl"
"I like that"
Regular Boi: null
Regular Boi: null
One recital-y boi: Go to bed
Regular Boi: Hahahahahahahaha
Salty Single Pringle: Lol
GroupMe: One recital-y boi changed name to One abused boyo
Regular Boi: I can hear Matthew giggling
One abused boyo: Me too
One abused boyo: Have your fun now Christopher
One abused boyo: We’ll see who wins in the end
Salty Single Pringle: I always win 
One abused boyo: Deep within, Matthew is really on my side
Regular Boi: null
One abused boyo: The memes will decide your fate
One abused boyo: Are you happy to be sleeping in your own bed @Regular Boi 
Regular Boi: Lol I feel 50% less tense
Regular Boi: And I can wear my skivvies without feeling scandalous 
One abused boyo: Without feeling unchaste
Regular Boi: Goodnight fools
One abused boyo: Do you blow Miranda a goodnight kiss every night @Regular Boi 
Regular Boi: OKAY HOLD UP
Salty Single Pringle: Lol
One abused boyo: Do you long for her sweet embrace every night as you lay in bed? @Regular Boi 
GroupMe: Salty Single Pringle changed name to Salty Single Pringle X
One abused boyo: Star Wars Episode 9: The Novus Ordo
One abused boyo: Does this make the prequels or the originals the EF?
One abused boyo: @Salty Single Pringle X While you’re in England, don’t forget to execute order 1776
Salty Single Pringle X: It will be done my lord
Regular Boi: Lol
Regular Boi: @One abused boyo 130 pages into Return of the King now yeet
One abused boyo: Big yeet
One abused boyo: How is it
Regular Boi: 👍👍👍👍
Regular Boi: Merry stabs the Lord of the Nazgul yeet
Salty Single Pringle X: nerds
One abused boyo: Hobbits are wonderful
GroupMe: One abused boyo changed name to Merry, Rider of the Mark
Merry, Rider of the Mark: @Salty Single Pringle X Don’t go talking to any girls in the UK
Salty Single Pringle X: lol come back guys I'm now in a long distance relationship
Regular Boi: Lol Matthew comes back engaged
Salty Single Pringle X: NOPE
Salty Single Pringle X: That would be really ironic
Regular Boi: He could save others from being emotionally unchaste, but not himself.
Salty Single Pringle X: ooofff
Merry, Rider of the Mark: I do not find British people attractive
Merry, Rider of the Mark: Like, they’re just not attractive people
Salty Single Pringle X: I depends
Salty Single Pringle X: it*