Tech: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=q_Ud95GfqeE
Berry Hill PD: This Saturday at 2:30 PM Mr Claiborne and I will be eating at Baja Burrito and we request y’all’s presence 
Tech: Sure I’m down 
Tattletale: I'll be down yonder with the gators 
Berry Hill PD: @Tattletale Bring the gators back with you and bring them to Baja
Berry Hill PD: Make some gator burritos
Tattletale: Aye capn
Tattletale: Probably would taste pretty good
Tattletale: Wanna buy @Tech 
Berry Hill PD: I tried to downvote that but for some reason downvotes don’t work
Tech: Nah lol
Tattletale: That's what you get @Berry Hill PD 
Tattletale: I will remember this
Tattletale: I got another scam email
Tattletale: Tempted to "just say ok" @Tech 
Tech: Lol 
Tech: null
Tech: null
Tattletale: @Tech I wrote a script to copy folder hierarchies because I got tired of manually making new folders for every month and quarter
Tattletale: Better watch out I'm coming after you
Tech: null
Tattletale: I got one @Berry Hill PD  he tried to grief me into forfeiting he was so salty
Tattletale: ez win
Tattletale: "HUGELY SALTY NOOB TRIES TO TAUNT ME AS HE LOSES"
Tattletale: The next upload for t6t
Berry Hill PD: When the customer asks if the peanut butter cake has peanut butter in it
Berry Hill PD: 🙃
Tattletale: OOF
Tattletale: What did they think was in it, acorn butter?
Berry Hill PD: I think they were trying to ask specifically where the peanut butter was in the cake and how it was incorporated
Berry Hill PD: But the words that came out were “does this peanut butter cake have peanut butter in it?”
Tattletale: Lol
Tattletale: "Does this apple pie have apples in it?"
Tattletale: @Berry Hill PD 
Berry Hill PD: Poggers dude
Tattletale: Proggers
Tattletale: Happy Thanksgiving boyos
Berry Hill PD: Thankful for y’all today
Tech: Happy protestan holy day!!!  
Tech: protestant*
Tattletale: Cymbals not set up thede bad boys are coming to Nash 😍
Tattletale: That almost became a Bordiuk message oof
Tattletale: We should buy an Advent wreath
Tattletale: UGH
Tattletale: Baton Rouge priests literally couldn't care less about confession. They are always late and turn it into some kind of talk therapy and it makes me so mad that they treat it that way. I'm so tired of being told I "didn't need to go to confession" like what does that even MEAN. I WANT THE SACRAMENTAL GRACES CONFERRED BY CONFESSING MY SINS AND RECEIVING ABSOLUTION.
Tattletale: That's my rant. Thanks for coming to my Ted Talk.
GroupMe: Tattletale changed name to I Just Want the Sacraments
Berry Hill PD: Ben says he just wants the sacraments too
I Just Want the Sacraments: I was mad for like an hour man
Tech: I’m down who wants to go? 
I Just Want the Sacraments: If I go Miranda is coming which means I need to know the seats to buy her one
Tech: Ok ask Joseph if there are any seats close by 
I Just Want the Sacraments: Oh I texted him an hour ago 
I Just Want the Sacraments: It's the waiting game now 
Berry Hill PD: Miranda can have my ticket
Berry Hill PD: @I Just Want the Sacraments 
I Just Want the Sacraments: I think we're just gonna go to another showing this one is way too popular and it's making it too complicated since Joseph just sprung this today
I Just Want the Sacraments: And I don't want to stress about something so simple and unimportant 
Berry Hill PD: null
I Just Want the Sacraments: I literally just tested my ride lol
Tech: Lol
I Just Want the Sacraments: Matthew's like "Bible study was the move tonight"
I Just Want the Sacraments: It's giving Tuesday so how about buying me a Tesla @Tech 
Berry Hill PD: True dude
Berry Hill PD: If anyone wants to donate to the Jacob Babbitt charity, you can Venmo me directly
Berry Hill PD: #GivingTuesday
I Just Want the Sacraments: Ok
I Just Want the Sacraments: Ben's coming over Saturday afternoon if y'all wanna hang
I Just Want the Sacraments: Get the full crew together
I Just Want the Sacraments: We're gonna tune my drum set probably
I Just Want the Sacraments: Should I do it @Tech 
I Just Want the Sacraments: Anyone wanna watch Black Widow tonight?
Berry Hill PD: I will sit on the couch and play Pokémon and watch lol
Berry Hill PD: I also have a soccer game at 9:30
Tech: That’s so late 
Berry Hill PD: Latest kick there is
Berry Hill PD: And then I’ve got the 8 AM game Sunday
Tech: null
I Just Want the Sacraments: Me now:*
Berry Hill PD: Me now
I Just Want the Sacraments: Hahahahhaha 
I Just Want the Sacraments: I'm choking on a laugh now thanks
Tech: Poggers dude 
Tech: null
I Just Want the Sacraments: BriBiz Tech Support (i.e. me) does it again
I Just Want the Sacraments: I should get a bonus for every tech problem I solve I'd be rich
I Just Want the Sacraments: Ok so on the agenda for December:
I Just Want the Sacraments: Lord of the Wings on Sun the 19th, the anniversary of Fellowship (yes? are we doing it)
I Just Want the Sacraments: Freddy and Nolan sometime. For all three of us to be available to has to be a Friday or Tuesday.
I Just Want the Sacraments: Anything else?
Berry Hill PD: House Christmas dinner/gift exchange?
I Just Want the Sacraments: Good idea
I Just Want the Sacraments: I think I'm out the week leading up to Christmas that's when we have off
I Just Want the Sacraments: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=894lpym1FCw
I Just Want the Sacraments: @Berry Hill PD 
I Just Want the Sacraments: Ben wants to say hi scrub @Tech 
I Just Want the Sacraments: Before I reply to Shelly we've all paid December rent correct?
Tech: Yes I paid 
Berry Hill PD: Lol nope
I Just Want the Sacraments: Bruh 