The Board: @The Godfather Got to meet at real life UT girl at SEEK
Everybody Is Good: Can we go to Cook Out or something in the near future because I wanna get together.
The Godfather: Cookout tonight?
Everybody Is Good: Well I've got dinner plans and then I'm going to Alan's tonight so unless it was like afternoon
The Godfather: well I guess today won't work
Everybody Is Good: Let's go right now I just clocked out from catering lol
Everybody Is Good: Zach: "Oh for your LinkedIn banner you can put Disney and music...and then just like a bunch of girls everywhere."
Everybody Is Good: You guys turned Zach on me
The Godfather: Gooooooodddddddd.......
The Godfather: null
The Board: Cookout tonight
Everybody Is Good: It'd have to be after like 11 I'm working
The Godfather: We can do that 
The Godfather: When are we going to cookout
The Godfather: Honestly I'm hungry right now 
Everybody Is Good: I'm making sure Bobby Fish has his food rn
Everybody Is Good: Game has gone pretty quick so I'll probably be done sooner
The Godfather: Just come to the apartment when you are ready. 
Everybody Is Good: Finishing up gimme 15 minutes
Everybody Is Good: ...
Everybody Is Good: I'm here
Everybody Is Good: But I forgot to punch out
The Godfather: Lol 
Everybody Is Good: Hahahahaha
The Godfather: add him to the empire of memes?
Everybody Is Good: Your call
Everybody Is Good: When they play the piano during the elevation
The Godfather: https://halcyon90.blogspot.com/2019/01/exodus-90-it-beats-your-brains-out.html
The Board: null
Everybody Is Good: Lol
Everybody Is Good: Tempted
The Godfather: Shoot 
Everybody Is Good: I don't wanna be that guy Elizabeth is a nice gal
The Godfather: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ey68aMOV9gc
The Godfather: a really good short film
The Godfather: null
Everybody Is Good: Heck yes just put in my time off request for Awakening
The Godfather: Can I do this job remotely? 
The Board: LOL
The Godfather: lol everyone would get 
The Godfather: One email

The Godfather: In Times New Roman and lots of prequel memes 
The Godfather: Grrrr do I really need to go to this wedding 
Everybody Is Good: Alan and I were the ones who volunteered you sorry Matthew lol
The Godfather: When my mom says it up to decide 
The Godfather: Me*
The Godfather: I hope they know I will run a tight ship. 
The Board: Are you even sure that’s the job description 
The Godfather: Honestly I don’t know I know they send the emails and I’d assume they make sure the retreat runs smoothly ???
The Board: I’m pretty sure recruitment sends emails
The Board: Wait logistics does to staffers I forgot
The Godfather: Do we know who are the other heads are? 
The Board: Abby is squirrel and that’s all I know
Everybody Is Good: Recruitment and logistics are basically the same
Everybody Is Good: Logistics sends emails
The Godfather: They don’t just send the emails right? 
Everybody Is Good: It's pretty much all the front-end work
The Godfather: Put I also have the chance to expose people to prequel memes 
The Godfather: But*
The Godfather: I accepted the offer 
The Board: Oh boy 
The Board: Three leadershippy bois 
The Godfather: Maria Aguilar and I are now logistic heads
The Godfather: I better start downloading memes
Everybody Is Good: Maria is going to have a very different approach than you lol
The Godfather: Yeah most likely
The Godfather: I should probably sign up for the retreat
The Board: Lol same
Everybody Is Good: Yeah I was gonna confront you about that Jacob lol
The Godfather: Man I hate this website
The Godfather: hhhhmmmm
Everybody Is Good: Meme Economy University
The Board: McDevitt Catholic College
The Godfather: I might just put Belmont
Everybody Is Good: SSPX Institute 
Everybody Is Good: Sorry you're not Ben
The Godfather: LETS GOOOO!!!!!
The Godfather: wow we are less than a month away from awakening
Everybody Is Good: https://youtu.be/U76zyUFg3Xo
Everybody Is Good: For you Jacob
The Board: https://www.omaze.com/experiences/pope-francis-lamborghini?utm_source=affiliate.com&utm_medium=paid&utm_content=PopeFrancis&utm_campaign=experiences.pope-francis-lamborghini&utm_term=Fuzati_11&oa_h=vl2kf8
The Godfather: I honestly might donate
The Board: You can enter without donating lol
Everybody Is Good: This doesn't sound like Pope Francis to me lol
The Board: That car is sick
The Board: Imagine all the UT girls after I win this car
Everybody Is Good: Hahahahahaha
The Godfather: Hoards of Catholic girls would be coming after you 
Everybody Is Good: "Yeah Pope Francis and I are pretty tight. I'm pretty inspiring some might say."
Everybody Is Good: As an early birthday present I am getting you these socks @The Board hahahahaha
The Godfather: Lol
Everybody Is Good: Kelly turned down prep head I'm still solo in this
The Godfather: RIP
Everybody Is Good: I volunteered Margaret teehee
Everybody Is Good: null
The Godfather: I don't know her but she is going on Awakening. 
Everybody Is Good: "Roman freaking catholic" - J. Babbitt
Everybody Is Good: We're in this together boys
The Godfather: Exodus 90 in 1 hour 
The Board: Deleted almost all my apps