No Dota: Uh huh
No Dota: We will see
No Dota: null
No Dota: @Tidehunter is unfit to be the meme lord he spends more time on his stonks than dank memes
Kaolin the Earth Spirit: Where is the meme wars edit
No Dota: Sec
No Dota: null
No Dota: Captain America was right in Civil War so I win the meme war
Tidehunter: Lol no he wasn’t 
No Dota: Iron Man iz ded I win
No Dota: Your memes are trash Eddie
No Dota: null
Tidehunter: null
Tidehunter: null
No Dota: Reeeeeeeeeee
Tidehunter: null
No Dota: We like clean content in this chat sir
No Dota: It is Lent 
Tidehunter: null
Tidehunter: null
Tidehunter: null
Tidehunter: The night we all watched revenge of the sith in the apartment
Tidehunter: null
Kaolin the Earth Spirit: hey lads I'm doing some work on the spreadsheet this morning. Adding a few places to it, as well as adding columns for commute times for myself and @No Dota. If for some reason I add one that for sure won't work out for some reason y'all can go ahead and take it off
Kaolin the Earth Spirit: Also can I just remove the places that are no longer on the market?
Tidehunter: Yes just remove them 
Kaolin the Earth Spirit: @No Dota Are you working this morning?
Kaolin the Earth Spirit: I will assume you are. @Tidehunter What is the chick fil a he currently works at and which one will he potentially switch to
Tidehunter: @No Dota  Is currently working at the chick fil a on 8th and wants to switch to the one on Charlotte￼ or work somewhere else 
Kaolin the Earth Spirit: Thank you
Kaolin the Earth Spirit: Also I am adding a couple that are slightly above our price range, just in case
Kaolin the Earth Spirit: Lol one of the is blurred out in street view of google maps
Kaolin the Earth Spirit: Kinda sus 
Tidehunter: CIA safe house
No Dota: I know it's more convenient overall for me to move to Charlotte but I need y'all to also know that's not set in stone and moving there would also mean I'd be paid less than I am now
No Dota: It's not a very cut and dry decision for me
Kaolin the Earth Spirit: I included estimated commute times for both locations for you on the spreadsheet
Kaolin the Earth Spirit: I just popped both addresses into google maps and put down the fastest time it gave me. I did not calculate rush hour traffic or if you prefer alternate routes or anything of that nature
Kaolin the Earth Spirit: We all three need to get on a call sometime soon again
No Dota: How bout that Internet Matthew
Tidehunter: null
Tidehunter: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRXy_24vJVs
Tidehunter: null
No Dota: Meme misrepresentation George was the one who told Williams to change the binary sunset score to Kenobi's theme reeeeeeeeee
Tidehunter: @No Dota  Any update on Ben?
No Dota: Nope 
Tidehunter: null
Kaolin the Earth Spirit: Matthew’s only been working for like, an hour and a half and he’s already bored
Tidehunter: Just a break between meetings
No Dota: Lol our power is out
No Dota: There goes my resume
No Dota: One after the other 
Tidehunter: Big f 
Kaolin the Earth Spirit: Shut off or what
Tidehunter: Oh wow is the beginning of the month look at that 
Kaolin the Earth Spirit: I wonder what percentage of monthly bills y’all (really Rick) have failed to pay on time in the 10 months y’all have been there
Kaolin the Earth Spirit: I feel like this was less of a problem when y’all first moved in
Tidehunter: After Isaac‘s wedding was the turning point 
No Dota: Rick has paid his rent late every month
No Dota: So technically our rent has been late every month
No Dota: So like are you coming or what @Kaolin the Earth Spirit 
No Dota: Y'all are leaving me out of the loop pretty hard 
Tidehunter: Oh the Baja request wasn’t because @Kaolin the Earth Spirit is coming to town lol
Tidehunter: As far as I know @Kaolin the Earth Spirit isn’t coming to town 
Kaolin the Earth Spirit: Lol no I’m not coming
No Dota: Literally everyone is under the impression you are
No Dota: I get that y'all talk while you're playing Dota together but I also need communication because literally the last thing I was told was "Jacob might be coming soon to look at houses"
No Dota: I'm just going off scraps
Tidehunter: I’m seeing a simple solution here 
Kaolin the Earth Spirit: Okay, sorry for not keeping you updated. One night @Tidehunter and I were talking and I had two days (Thursday and Friday) off work at the end of that week, and I told him if I got Saturday off too that I would try to come up. I didn’t get Saturday off, so it didn’t happen. But I did say that I would be looking for an opportunity to come up if my schedule allows, but I won’t be submitting for time off to do such
Kaolin the Earth Spirit: So it is on a week to week basis
Tidehunter: The solution is for @No Dota to play dota 2 
Kaolin the Earth Spirit: We all three will need to be on a call very soon though, like, no later than after this weekend
Tidehunter: RIP 2006 Honda Accord 
Kaolin the Earth Spirit: o7
No Dota: Rick dat u
Kaolin the Earth Spirit: I’d like y’all’s actual thoughts on this. For the past week or so I’ve been developing super itchy rashes in seemingly random places all over my body. I’ve been plagued by pretty much constant itchiness. You don’t need all the details, but basically the only thing I can think of that has changed is that I’m taking cold showers for Lent. I’ve washed my clothes and my sheets and that hasn’t helped.
Kaolin the Earth Spirit: Should I just power through since I don’t think it’s actually unhealthy, and it’s more of an annoyance?
Kaolin the Earth Spirit: Or should I try taking hot showers again to see if that helps
Kaolin the Earth Spirit: Did y’all have anything like this on Exodus? I know I didn’t.
No Dota: I never got any rashes
No Dota: I would not very quick to link it with cold showers, especially since rashes and skin conditions are inflammations and your body's natural reaction to the cold is the exact opposite 
No Dota: There may be some other irritant at play so I would continue the cold showers unless it gets noticeably worse and the rashes become large. I'd just monitor for another week or few days at least.
No Dota: That's my two cents.
Kaolin the Earth Spirit: I know it’s not the cold itself that is causing it, but I’m worried that the cold water isn’t removing whatever is causing me to itch
Kaolin the Earth Spirit: Idk
Kaolin the Earth Spirit: I just have no idea what it could be
Kaolin the Earth Spirit: Anyway, I don’t mean to drag y’all into my skin care problems lol
No Dota: The cold water is gonna make the itch feel better overall
No Dota: Turns down the inflammation
No Dota: And it's not necessarily something on your skin. It could just be something in the air or something in your body that your immune system is reacting to.
No Dota: I learned much from the times I had impetigo in wrestling lol
No Dota: Then again I'm that guy who reads everything at the doctor's office
No Dota: "EVERYTHING YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT APPENDICITIS"
No Dota: "Ah yes, I must read all of this immediately"
Kaolin the Earth Spirit: I just can’t narrow it down
Kaolin the Earth Spirit: Rather frustrating
Kaolin the Earth Spirit: I was up until 2 AM last night just scratching
Kaolin the Earth Spirit: So they rescheduled me tomorrow so I can’t talk at the time I talked to y’all about
Kaolin the Earth Spirit: Publix rescheduled me*