One Jimmy John's Boi: Hell yeah
One mountainy boi: https://youtu.be/ayoGtGOvnH0
One Jimmy John's Boi: null
One mountainy boi: New glasses btw
Darth Burrito: Nice 
One Jimmy John's Boi: Today one of the new hires at Jimmy John's revealed she is a very big Star Wars fan and used to play all the games 
One Jimmy John's Boi: It was a good shift lol
One Jimmy John's Boi: Ok I just had the WOAT altar serving gig my home parish does like nothing the way everyone else does what the heck
Darth Burrito: An update: my sister will be going to Father Ryan and my family is looking at moving closer to Nashville 
One Jimmy John's Boi: Hell yeet
One Jimmy John's Boi: I sent you this on Steam Matthew but I found a noobmaster69
Darth Burrito: Lol
One Jimmy John's Boi: null
One mountainy boi: Old man leaving restaurant: hi
Me: hello there
Old man: good, how are you?
Me: you are a deaf one.....
One Jimmy John's Boi: I received on the tongue at my brother's graduation and freaked the EMHC out RIP
One mountainy boi: Alan Menken is underrated
One mountainy boi: Change my mind
One mountainy boi: So this is Gray. Next to Gray is a candle. Gray is 6 foot 3. Somebody call Father Fye. He needs these candles
Darth Burrito: Shoot dude 
One Jimmy John's Boi: Lol dang
One Jimmy John's Boi: Hello there
One Jimmy John's Boi: Gonna take a pic with Chewbacca so I can be Geoly
One mountainy boi: First mass of Summer Projects was ad orientem 
One mountainy boi: Many frat snaps
One mountainy boi: So I’m discipling Nick Selser this summer
One Jimmy John's Boi: Yoooooooooo
One Jimmy John's Boi: *many*
One Jimmy John's Boi: *rapid*
One Jimmy John's Boi: *frat*
One Jimmy John's Boi: *snaps*
One mountainy boi: They are my disciples and bible study this summer
One mountainy boi: Please pray for him, Neil Mather, and Anthony Oshkuade 
One mountainy boi: Wow GroupMe. That sent out of order
One mountainy boi: Neil is from Ireland
One mountainy boi: And nick is from Maryland
One mountainy boi: Anthony is from Kansas but there’s no way he doesn’t have strong African heritage
One Jimmy John's Boi: null
One Jimmy John's Boi: @One mountainy boi 
One Jimmy John's Boi: Oh no
Darth Burrito: ?
One Jimmy John's Boi: My home parish did this like Latin jazz number during Mass
One Jimmy John's Boi: I was very uncomfy
One mountainy boi: Time for a new diocese
One Jimmy John's Boi: I love this new meme format
One Jimmy John's Boi: null
Darth Burrito: Lol
Darth Burrito: Welll I have some news boys.........
One Jimmy John's Boi: Whatcha got
Darth Burrito: Peter and Rachel broke up 
One Jimmy John's Boi: OOF
One Jimmy John's Boi: Damn
One mountainy boi: Is it bad that I giggled
One mountainy boi: Just a little
Darth Burrito: lol
One Jimmy John's Boi: Tbh that makes me a lil worried about Pete
Darth Burrito: Hopefully I can meet with him before he leaves to go back home
Darth Burrito: Its good to be worried about Pete but at the same time this something he needs and it's something I warned him about. Just pray for him for now. I main worry is that he is just going to jump into another relationship
Darth Burrito: My*
One Jimmy John's Boi: I just started my second job today...I'm working in a deli
One Jimmy John's Boi: This is atonement for making fun of Bordiuk I guess
One mountainy boi: Hey @YMCA sorry but you’re catholic now
One Jimmy John's Boi: hehe
One mountainy boi: “The Catholic Church is God’s adoption agency” - Fr. James Brent O.P.
One Jimmy John's Boi: "If the Pope asked for men ages 18 to 24 for a Crusade against the Prots I would be the first to sign up" - my new coworker
Darth Burrito: Wow
One Jimmy John's Boi: He asked me if to pass the time I wanted to make fun of Protestants 
One Jimmy John's Boi: I declined
One mountainy boi: Is this at Jimmy Johns?
One Jimmy John's Boi: No the market where I'm working a deli now
One Jimmy John's Boi: I just got locked in a freezer because the lock froze. I am truly unlucky.
One mountainy boi: How long were you in there
One Jimmy John's Boi: 10ish minutes
One mountainy boi: yikes
One Jimmy John's Boi: Yeah yikes is right
One Jimmy John's Boi: When they're playing the boring Christian pop at work, then Matt Maher comes on
One Jimmy John's Boi: @Darth Burrito 
Darth Burrito: lol I miss stroopwafel and throwback to international business we a killed that presentation.
Darth Burrito: when*
Darth Burrito: * lol I miss my stroopwafels and throwback to international business when I killed that presentation.
One Jimmy John's Boi: Hey give my brie cheese some credit
Darth Burrito: haha
One mountainy boi: Throwback to the Spider-Man gif
One Jimmy John's Boi: I refuse to like that message
One mountainy boi: I never thought I’d be back in the same place that I had a prophetic vision of us becoming cloistered monks, but here I am. Missing you guys tonight. You’re in my prayers as I’m on retreat this weekend
Darth Burrito: when is Roman rush?
One mountainy boi: Idk off the top of my head
One Jimmy John's Boi: First day of class is the 19th so I assume it starts then
One Jimmy John's Boi: I want the world to see Spider-Man for the two-bit criminal he is
One Jimmy John's Boi: He's a fake. Full of stickum.
Darth Burrito: lol all superheroes are criminals
One mountainy boi: “Pray like a cloistered monk”
One mountainy boi: null
One mountainy boi: @One Jimmy John's Boi Didn’t like my meme ☹️
One Jimmy John's Boi: I didn't get it
One Jimmy John's Boi: null
One Jimmy John's Boi: null
One Jimmy John's Boi: Just ignore the spelling lol
One Jimmy John's Boi: Stroopwafel McFlurry @Darth Burrito 
One Jimmy John's Boi: "Oh my gosh Rocket League is so dumb" - Miranda
One Jimmy John's Boi: It feels like the more I play CS:GO the worse I get lol