M'aiq the Liar: I see I see
Tickets 4 sale (text me): But in theory, if it was set to music by Catholics from Gregory’s time until the 1900s, yes, it would’ve been set to chant
Tickets 4 sale (text me): It’s also important to remember that it wasn’t common at all to set things other than mass parts to music. So the regular things at every mass and psalms and antiphons and stuff
Tickets 4 sale (text me): For most of history, at least
M'aiq the Liar: HMMMM
M'aiq the Liar: These are all good points yes
Not Stonks: The boomers hearing Latin at mass  
Not Stonks: The young people 
M'aiq the Liar: I was like MYSTERIUM FIDEI GET IN MY VEINS
Tickets 4 sale (text me): https://youtu.be/TfApvaou4Sg
Tickets 4 sale (text me): null
M'aiq the Liar: HMMMMMM
M'aiq the Liar: M'aiq apologizes most humbly, but must express deepest regret that he and his fair lady shall not grace your presence at the evening prayer. Fear not, for M'aiq will surely join you in the weeks to come, as the moons themselves will guide his steps to your doorstep.
Not Stonks: :( 
M'aiq the Liar: M'aiq's carriage shall soon succumb to the sands of time and go to that great junkyard in the sky. It is quite the tragedy, as M'aiq had grown quite fond of that rickety old thing.
Tickets 4 sale (text me): I miss Chris
M'aiq the Liar: Why does this one mourn? M'aiq knows many things. M'aiq is a good friend.
M'aiq the Liar: Paige the painting stealer causing St. Ann drama
Not Stonks: Screen shots 
M'aiq the Liar: It's not in a chat
Not Stonks: Then explain drama 
Not Stonks: Every time @M'aiq the Liar teases us with tea ￼
M'aiq the Liar: M'aiq knows many things but often gets muzzled. M'aiq says no more.
GroupMe: Not Stonks removed M'aiq the Liar from the group.
Not Stonks: 24 hour ban for over use of the bot and telling us you have tea without sharing 
Not Stonks: If have tea but can’t share it then don’t tell us you have tea 
GroupMe: Not Stonks added Chris Castel to the group.
Not Stonks: I should create more spam bots for St Ann's groupme them we can move to discord 
Tickets 4 sale (text me): @Not Stonks Just referenced Ziltoid LOL
Chris Castel: null
Tickets 4 sale (text me): He was like “I’m looking for the greatest cup of coffee ever made….. like Ziltoid”
Tickets 4 sale (text me): Matthew = Ziltoid
Chris Castel: Photo of Matthew this morning 
Not Stonks: Lol
Tickets 4 sale (text me): Quick, someone photoshop his face onto Ziltoid
Not Stonks: Jacob’s Laptop 
Tickets 4 sale (text me): Hey
Tickets 4 sale (text me): It doubles as a nice hand warmer
GroupMe: Chris Castel changed name to M'aiq the Liar
Not Stonks: null
Not Stonks: When Peter Kim calls me 
M'aiq the Liar: The Jackson dealer that told me they couldn't sell me the car without a warranty now is calling me saying they want to offer me it without any warranties
M'aiq the Liar: HMMMMMMMMM
Tickets 4 sale (text me): Hmmm
Not Stonks: Hhhhhhmmmm
M'aiq the Liar: Big hmmm
M'aiq the Liar: Sussy baka
M'aiq the Liar: Well boys I'm getting me a new car
M'aiq the Liar: And it ain't from the sussy bakas
Tickets 4 sale (text me): Hype
Tickets 4 sale (text me): Congrats
M'aiq the Liar: I asked Peter what he gave up for Lent and he said "I guess I gave up being a Dominican friar"
M'aiq the Liar: Lol
Tickets 4 sale (text me): Lol
Tickets 4 sale (text me): Did he say “boy…..”
M'aiq the Liar: He DIDN'T his new thing is "Dude"
Tickets 4 sale (text me): Does this kid really think the groupme bots are going to input questions into Google and then post responses
Not Stonks: I need to reset the urgent to write a technically detailed message explaining how these bots work
M'aiq the Liar: M'aiq has acquired a new carriage 
M'aiq the Liar: Khajiit shall travel the land once again 
Tickets 4 sale (text me): Hype! Big congrats
M'aiq the Liar: Big stroke of luck getting this car very poggers
Tickets 4 sale (text me): Me whenever the little boy in sitting in front of me elevates his MagnifiKid whenever Fr Fye elevates the Host
M'aiq the Liar: Is this the same kid that was singing the Kyrie really loud
M'aiq the Liar: We were in the chapel
Tickets 4 sale (text me): Idk
M'aiq the Liar: HMMMMMMM
M'aiq the Liar: Ryan and Miranda said you should give up F1 for Lent @Not Stonks lol
Not Stonks: Ryan is just salty I'm beating him 
M'aiq the Liar: null
M'aiq the Liar: Fight!
M'aiq the Liar: Evening prayer is replaced with St. Ann WME
Tickets 4 sale (text me): This message has been deleted
Tickets 4 sale (text me): null
GroupMe: A message was deleted.
Not Stonks: Someone watched mando 
Tickets 4 sale (text me): Nope lol
Tickets 4 sale (text me): Too scared
M'aiq the Liar: Groundbreaking is not what I would call Mando S3 
M'aiq the Liar: And Bad Batch is finally turning from a turd to a polished turd
Not Stonks: Oh no mondo season 3 is not groundbreaking I didn't like it
M'aiq the Liar: Ok?
Tickets 4 sale (text me): ?
M'aiq the Liar: ?
Not Stonks: ? 
Not Stonks: Ok?
Tickets 4 sale (text me): Guys I think the three of us should go on the Joe Rohan podcast
Tickets 4 sale (text me): Rogan*
Not Stonks: Oh no 
Not Stonks: null
Tickets 4 sale (text me): null
Not Stonks: Ded
Not Stonks: @M'aiq the Liar Fix your groupme notifications 
M'aiq the Liar: There's no issue 
Not Stonks: null
Not Stonks: @Tickets 4 sale (text me) Right now 
Not Stonks: null
Tickets 4 sale (text me): I’m literally in Missouri lol
Tickets 4 sale (text me): Where are y’all?? Y’all have gotten really good at hiding out here
M'aiq the Liar: Now wouldn't that defeat the purpose of hiding