Matthew McDevitt: yeah we can wait and see what type of space we are working with
Chris Castel: Happy Sunday roomies. Have a bad meme.
Jacob Babbitt: null
Chris Castel: Wait @Jacob Babbitt is today your birthday?
Jacob Babbitt: Indeed
Chris Castel: HAPPY BIRTHDAY MY DUDE
Jacob Babbitt: THANKS MAN
Chris Castel: null
Matthew McDevitt: HAPPY Birthday 🎂 
Jacob Babbitt: Thanks Matthew
Jacob Babbitt: Hey guys. I have a few friends that I'm recruiting to come to Awakening this fall/sometime in the future. Could you please pray that they come? I want them to experience what we have experienced there. Maybe write some early PL as well?
Teresa Kaminski - Belmont
Sarah Ward - Auburn
Lameace Sayegh - U of South Alabama
Jacob Babbitt: Sarah and Lameace are high school friends who are very strong in their faith. Teresa does not have a strong faith life but has an open heart. All are Catholic
Chris Castel: Is Teresa gonna be a freshman at BU?
Chris Castel: I don't know why I didn't just type Belmont 
Jacob Babbitt: No she's our year
Chris Castel: So she was there last year?
Jacob Babbitt: Yeah
Chris Castel: Maybe you should nudge her to come to Roman Rush!
Jacob Babbitt: Idk what that is
Chris Castel: 😱
Chris Castel: It's like BCC rush week. Last year we had a rosary hike at Percy Warner, played soccer with the Dominican sisters between Baskin and Johnson, and did all sorts of fun stuff.
Jacob Babbitt: Oh I didn't know that had a name
Jacob Babbitt: She's said she's going to get more involved in UCat stuff this semester
Chris Castel: null
Chris Castel: Awwwwww yea
Jacob Babbitt: Are y'all planning on moving in the 21st or the 22nd?
Chris Castel: 21st
Matthew McDevitt: 21st
Jacob Babbitt: Aight same
Chris Castel: I kinda have a major event I'm hosting on the 22nd
Jacob Babbitt: I have auditions the 22nd
Jacob Babbitt: @Matthew McDevitt New Uncharted game drops August 22 btw
Matthew McDevitt: Hype but it doesn't have Nathan Drake in it  
Jacob Babbitt: True true
Jacob Babbitt: Lol
Chris Castel: <.<
Jacob Babbitt: Y'all writing PL makes me so excited for Awakening
Jacob Babbitt: Hey guys, just giving you a heads up that I'm planning on bringing my mini fridge to our room. It's up in Nashville right now because I left it at my cousins house, and so if we don't use it it is actually more of an inconvenience. 
Jacob Babbitt: My point is let it be known now, I have to keep that mini fridge and microwave in our room, so bring your own at your own risk
Chris Castel: I don't even have either so that works for me lol
Jacob Babbitt: @Chris Castel When do you start traveling back to Nashville?
Chris Castel: Tomorrow 
Jacob Babbitt: Are your parents coming too?
Chris Castel: Yee
Matthew McDevitt: That is fine I won't bring my fridge and microwave 
Jacob Babbitt: Thanks for understanding, guys
Matthew McDevitt: Is anyone bring a printer 
Jacob Babbitt: I was planning on it, yes
Chris Castel: I was gonna bring my giant printer/scanner that I'm unsure of the working capacity of lol
Jacob Babbitt: What's y'alls plan for Monday? Like, what time do you think you'll get there to start moving in and stuff. If you don't know yet it's fine. I'm just wondering if we're all going to be there at the same time trying to get in and out or not
Chris Castel: Like as early as they let me in I'm moving in
Matthew McDevitt: I will leave my house at 5 am to avoid the traffic then move in at 8 am 
Jacob Babbitt: Traffic is going to be actually cancerous this weekend
Jacob Babbitt: I should be there between 9 and 10. Hopefully the really bad traffic will have subsided by then 
Chris Castel: Ehhhhhhh
Chris Castel: We're in a campground and 90% of these people are from other states here for the eclipse
Jacob Babbitt: Are y'all going to 9 PM at Benton on Sunday?
Matthew McDevitt: No 
Chris Castel: Probably not
Jacob Babbitt: Aight
Chris Castel: These people came from New Orleans...
Jacob Babbitt: Like... why though
Jacob Babbitt: "Solar eclipse chasers" what the heck does that even mean
Chris Castel: They chase solar eclipses duh
Jacob Babbitt: I guess so
Chris Castel: :P
Jacob Babbitt: Does that mean they like, try to follow the path of totality lol
Jacob Babbitt: So that they quite literally chase it
Chris Castel: If that were the case they should be in Oregon
Jacob Babbitt: Indeed
Jacob Babbitt: Maybe you should tell them that this isn't Oregon
Chris Castel: "Excuse me, sir..."
Jacob Babbitt: They would also have to be traveling at a very high speed to chase the solar eclipse 
Jacob Babbitt: Like, speeds that exceed that of a Malibu
Chris Castel: null
Chris Castel: I liked your idea better tbh
Jacob Babbitt: See, I'm fine with people traveling to see the eclipse but to call yourself a "chaser" is a bit of a stretch
Jacob Babbitt: Storm chasers are chasers because storms are relatively unpredictable and actually set forth some sort of challenge to "chase"
Chris Castel: I chase squirrels
Jacob Babbitt: And girls but you have more success with squirrels
Chris Castel: Wow
Chris Castel: Can I switch to Frank's room still?
Jacob Babbitt: Lol
Matthew McDevitt: Wow Jacob throwing heat 
Jacob Babbitt: Hey man, you've got to make the most of the opportunities presented to you
Chris Castel: I cri
Jacob Babbitt: Every time?
Chris Castel: No I wouldn't go that far
Matthew McDevitt: Yes banter is good 👌
Jacob Babbitt: Chris honestly I'm super excited to see your long hair
Chris Castel: I've also adopted scruff because I've been too lazy to shave close anymore lol
Matthew McDevitt: I'm a little scared 😳 
Jacob Babbitt: Chris a few times a week we're going to kick you out for a few hours so you can beg on the streets
Jacob Babbitt: With your long hair and scruff
Chris Castel: I'll just go hunt Pokemon rofl
Jacob Babbitt: That's accurate I didn't think of that
Chris Castel: Only need a few more anyway
Jacob Babbitt: Bruh you been hitting those raids
Jacob Babbitt: What's 150 and151
Chris Castel: Mew and Mewtwo