Weyant Pocket Medic: Are you sure don't want to just make a smaller batch today? 
Tidehunter: You can go smaller 
Weyant Pocket Medic: Like how smaller
Weyant Pocket Medic: We know we need at minimum 1.5 lbs for torrow
Weyant Pocket Medic: Do you want to make like half tonight? I'm good at scaling just let me know
Tidehunter: Half is perfect 
Weyant Pocket Medic: ...mmm
Weyant Pocket Medic: Monke
Weyant Pocket Medic: how goes it downstairs
Weyant Pocket Medic: still on phone
Tidehunter: We I’m almost done 
Weyant Pocket Medic: Here I come
Tidehunter: Do we have a desert for tomorrow? 
Tidehunter: dessert*
Weyant Pocket Medic: Memes are the dessert 
Weyant Pocket Medic: Are we splitting the food costs
Tidehunter: Hey friends! Join my group 'Auburn Lane' on Splitwise: https://www.splitwise.com/join/8D4WsMZKkWw+nczn4
Tidehunter: Splitwise mighta better to split cost of the house then Venmo￼
Rubick the Grand Magisk: https://youtu.be/aWCEKVlAmxQ
Rubick the Grand Magisk: I got my four holy boyos
Weyant Pocket Medic: Lol this is a total Matthew move
Weyant Pocket Medic: 100% in-character
Tidehunter: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=3mpKAAaPaFw
Weyant Pocket Medic: null
Tidehunter: Always on the phone @Weyant Pocket Medic 
Rubick the Grand Magisk: I got the drill, the drill bits, wall hooks, and eggs
Rubick the Grand Magisk: Last call for the Babbitt target run
Weyant Pocket Medic: Do we have potatoes?
Tidehunter: Nope
Weyant Pocket Medic: Potatoes? @Rubick the Grand Magisk :D
Tidehunter: Never mind we do 
Tidehunter: @Rubick the Grand Magisk 
Weyant Pocket Medic: 2 lbs worth?
Weyant Pocket Medic: Hold on I'm coming up 
Tidehunter: I count 4 potatoes 
Weyant Pocket Medic: 2 more would play it safe
Rubick the Grand Magisk: I’m getting us a butter dish while you all debate
Weyant Pocket Medic: 2 potatoes 
Rubick the Grand Magisk: Okay
Weyant Pocket Medic: Kay o
Rubick the Grand Magisk: null
Rubick the Grand Magisk: null
Tidehunter: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=5fERNzG7F8g
Rubick the Grand Magisk: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9HnhtMtSp3E
Rubick the Grand Magisk: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ygeIgSobsxQ
Rubick the Grand Magisk: What the heck I’m hearing that knocking sound again from the basement
Tidehunter: You are losing your mind 
Rubick the Grand Magisk: No, you’re just deaf
Weyant Pocket Medic: The saints chalkboard is apparently an integral part of his homily today
Weyant Pocket Medic: null
Weyant Pocket Medic: the time has come
Tidehunter: Is it??
Weyant Pocket Medic: if you get in the voice channel
Tidehunter: We are ready @Weyant Pocket Medic 
Tidehunter: null
Tidehunter: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=rrwBnlYOp4g
Weyant Pocket Medic: Yasss
Tidehunter: Big YEET @Weyant Pocket Medic 
Weyant Pocket Medic: We have to go to the Taproom before watching lol
Tidehunter: Of course traditions 
Weyant Pocket Medic: And we have to fly Jeremy over to watch with us
Rubick the Grand Magisk: I’m sorry @Tidehunter
Rubick the Grand Magisk: null
Rubick the Grand Magisk: I didn’t get an expensive one
Rubick the Grand Magisk: Yet
Tidehunter: null
Weyant Pocket Medic: Well dang if we're actually doing it
Weyant Pocket Medic: Time to be Spy in real life
Rubick the Grand Magisk: @Weyant Pocket Medic Buy a knife, brush up on your French, you’re good to go
Weyant Pocket Medic: *stab* My apologies, mon ami.
Rubick the Grand Magisk: *flips knife*
“I AM A GRAPEFRUIT”
Weyant Pocket Medic: JE SUIS UN PAMPLEMOUSSE
Rubick the Grand Magisk: See @Tidehunter? This will be fun
Tidehunter: null
Rubick the Grand Magisk: Fine you just have to accept the fact that you won’t be as cool as me
Rubick the Grand Magisk: And @Weyant Pocket Medic 
Weyant Pocket Medic: Haw haw haw
Tidehunter: Lol I’m not too worried 
Rubick the Grand Magisk: null
Weyant Pocket Medic: YEET
GroupMe: Rubick the Grand Magisk changed name to Pro Knife Flipper
Pro Knife Flipper: YEET
Tidehunter: null
Pro Knife Flipper: @Tidehunter I’m already a Dota player. I’m in the 98th percentile of rocket league players. I’m a classical musician. I like Star Wars, Pokémon, and esports
Pro Knife Flipper: Is knife flipping that big of a jump for me? Lol
Weyant Pocket Medic: Hmmmm
Weyant Pocket Medic: I'm sending some irony here in Matthew calling Jacob a nerd
Weyant Pocket Medic: Sensing*
Pro Knife Flipper: Ironic. He could call others nerds. But not himself....
Weyant Pocket Medic: Lol
Weyant Pocket Medic: Never forget Thunder Thighs Tarkin
Pro Knife Flipper: Not exaggerating I just had a customer point to an item and say to me “so is this the thing I’m looking for?”
Weyant Pocket Medic: Back from my 14 hour shift 
Weyant Pocket Medic: I want to game
Tidehunter: Mmmmmmm civ 
Weyant Pocket Medic: Yeyeyyee
Weyant Pocket Medic: Lemme warm up food
Weyant Pocket Medic: i.e. leftover pizza
Pro Knife Flipper: null
Tidehunter: null