Louisiana, Land of the Catholics: null
Louisiana, Land of the Catholics: Whoa is reddit watermarking images you download now?
Louisiana, Land of the Catholics: Yup
Louisiana, Land of the Catholics: null
Louisiana, Land of the Catholics: Your reign is over Matthew. Now we'll see who is the better meme finder.
Supreme Chancellor: Don’t underestimate my power 
Supreme Chancellor: null
Louisiana, Land of the Catholics: See how the tires are cut off? Bet he cropped it.
Supreme Chancellor: I just copy and paste 
Louisiana, Land of the Catholics:  Get a load of this guy 
Jacob Babbitt: @Supreme Chancellor has been playing games set to invisible
Jacob Babbitt: tsk tsk tsk
Supreme Chancellor: True a lot of enter the gungeon 
Supreme Chancellor: It’s so good 
Jacob Babbitt: never played it but heard good things
Jacob Babbitt: Kang and I have been playing Raft
Supreme Chancellor: What is that
Jacob Babbitt: Survival game
Jacob Babbitt: Its in early access
Jacob Babbitt: https://store.steampowered.com/app/648800/Raft/
Supreme Chancellor: Early access 

Jacob Babbitt: No one asked you to get it @Supreme Chancellor 
Louisiana, Land of the Catholics: I'm just out here playing Terraria and TF2 lol
Jacob Babbitt: @Supreme Chancellor I was just messing with you. I feel bad I’m sorry
Supreme Chancellor: Haha I know 
Louisiana, Land of the Catholics: Lol i got gold on reddit
Louisiana, Land of the Catholics: UNLIMITED 
Louisiana, Land of the Catholics: POWER 
Supreme Chancellor: For what? 
Louisiana, Land of the Catholics: They said it was a "Christmas present" and not about my comment lol
Jacob Babbitt: And you call Matthew fake
Louisiana, Land of the Catholics: Yeah but I gold and the freshest memes now
Louisiana, Land of the Catholics: I am king
Louisiana, Land of the Catholics: I'm also in Colorado. I guess I should text Katie Gillett.
Supreme Chancellor: Whatever helps you sleep at night? 
Jacob Babbitt: We love Colorado
Louisiana, Land of the Catholics: I sleep just fine knowing I don't open reddit sorted by hot and post it here you scrub
Louisiana, Land of the Catholics: Your reign is at an end Chancellor
Supreme Chancellor: null
Jacob Babbitt: I sleep just fine not opening reddit at all
Jacob Babbitt: Ever
Louisiana, Land of the Catholics: null
Jacob Babbitt: I’m too dangerous to be left alive?
Louisiana, Land of the Catholics: r/catholicmemes is so weird I will comment something and 9/10 someone will downvote it 
Louisiana, Land of the Catholics: Just one downvote almost every time 
Jacob Babbitt: Congrats on making the natty @Louisiana, Land of the Catholics 
Jacob Babbitt: I’ll be rooting for y’all
Louisiana, Land of the Catholics: Oklahoma didnt stand a chance lol
Louisiana, Land of the Catholics: Today on poor choices
Louisiana, Land of the Catholics: Texting Camden a tiger when Clemson beat Ohio 
Jacob Babbitt: I want to be mean as well but I don’t trust you to not send everything I say to her
Jacob Babbitt: But I support your endeavors
Louisiana, Land of the Catholics: Do wat
Jacob Babbitt: ?
Louisiana, Land of the Catholics: ??
GroupMe: Jacob Babbitt has left the group.
Supreme Chancellor: ???? 
Louisiana, Land of the Catholics: ??????
Louisiana, Land of the Catholics: The heck 
Supreme Chancellor: What did you do @Louisiana, Land of the Catholics 
Louisiana, Land of the Catholics: Idk
Louisiana, Land of the Catholics: null
Supreme Chancellor: Have you tried texting him 
GroupMe: Jacob Babbitt has rejoined the group
Supreme Chancellor: @Jacob Babbitt 
Louisiana, Land of the Catholics: That was weird
Louisiana, Land of the Catholics: I'm about to go to what I think is a Mass here in Telluride, Colorado.
Louisiana, Land of the Catholics: There's no pastor for the parish, just a permanent deacon, so I'm a worried I'll just be a communion service since the next closest church is 50 miles away.
Louisiana, Land of the Catholics: This is a weird parish lol
Jacob Babbitt: Oof keep us updated
Louisiana, Land of the Catholics: Ok Deacon Mike had it under control I shouldn't have been so skeptical
Louisiana, Land of the Catholics: A priest drives in for Mass usually but he got iced in so it was supposed to be a Mass but had to be a service
Louisiana, Land of the Catholics: Also there was a young woman like our age reading 33 Days to Divine Mercy in front of us and it was a BIG yeet
Supreme Chancellor: Nice
Louisiana, Land of the Catholics: It's a very charismatic parish but it's the only Catholic Church in a 50 mile radius so I'd rather that than nothing 
Jacob Babbitt: here in Auburn, the boomer who read the second reading said "Coloosians"
Jacob Babbitt: so that's a meme
Louisiana, Land of the Catholics: Ooooof
Louisiana, Land of the Catholics: Did you know in England they say "Two Corinthians"?
Jacob Babbitt: no
Jacob Babbitt: why?
Louisiana, Land of the Catholics: Idk probably freaking Henry VIII
Louisiana, Land of the Catholics: I watched a debate erupt on r/Catholicism over it and some guy from England popped in and was like "we actually say it like that here"
Jacob Babbitt: lol
Jacob Babbitt: apparently the Queen's former chaplain is converting to Roman Catholicism
Louisiana, Land of the Catholics: He knows the way 
Louisiana, Land of the Catholics: This is the Way
Jacob Babbitt: He apparently started praying the rosary and that was how it all began
Louisiana, Land of the Catholics: Mary gets em every time
Louisiana, Land of the Catholics: To Christ through Mary!
Supreme Chancellor: null
Supreme Chancellor: null
Louisiana, Land of the Catholics: Facts Kylo was the best thing about the sequel trilogy
Jacob Babbitt: Haven’t seen the last one and I still agree
Louisiana, Land of the Catholics: You will definitely agree once you do I think
Supreme Chancellor: I haven't seen it yet either
Louisiana, Land of the Catholics: What the heck y'all are some scrubs 
Jacob Babbitt: @Supreme Chancellor I thought you said you had seen it
Supreme Chancellor: Nope
Jacob Babbitt: 😑