Jacob Babbitt: No
Chris Castel: 👎
Chris Castel: RIP my key won't unlock the door
Jacob Babbitt: Go talk to the front desk
Chris Castel: Master key ain't working either gah
Jacob Babbitt: So it’s the lock
Chris Castel: Crisis averted. Never use the handle lock. Ever.
Chris Castel: http://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen7anythinggoes-664811532
Chris Castel: See I can play the real games
Chris Castel: Mostly just to troll the sim players
Chris Castel: @Jacob Babbitt wanna help Sadie out?
Jacob Babbitt: Sure
Jacob Babbitt: Or Matthew can lol
Matthew McDevitt: lol
Chris Castel: I just assumed Matthew would either be sleeping or writing a paper lol
Matthew McDevitt: Your not wrong but I could also do it
Chris Castel: I also figured Sadie knows Jacob and it seems I was right from her response.
Chris Castel: Oh boy.
Chris Castel: It wasn't sent to you but I forwarded it @Matthew McDevitt 
Chris Castel: Man why do I have to have class at 11 Wednesday
Chris Castel: I've got a lot of things to say lol
Chris Castel: Paula isn't included either lolwut
Matthew McDevitt: Skipping is aways a option 
Chris Castel: I present a project sooo nah
Matthew McDevitt: I also have a class at 11 
Chris Castel: Well let's compress our arguments into 45 minutes haha
Chris Castel: Either of you boys hitting the caf up soon?
Matthew McDevitt: no I'm at the library
Chris Castel: I literally just walked out the library haha
Jacob Babbitt: I’m about to go to the caf now
Chris Castel: 😮
Chris Castel: I'm still here yew
Jacob Babbitt: I’m pretty sure that email was sent to the people who are on board now or applied for board next semester
Chris Castel: Hm
Chris Castel: Well...
Chris Castel: Hm
Chris Castel: That would explain why Marie is in there
Jacob Babbitt: Are you going to bring your theses? Lol
Matthew McDevitt: honestly he should
Chris Castel: I actually was working on fleshing them out in the library
Chris Castel: There are now 7 of them
Jacob Babbitt: I wonder if the missionaries know about this meeting
Chris Castel: Well
Chris Castel: If Joseph didn't before
Chris Castel: He does now 
Matthew McDevitt: lol
Chris Castel: I also texted Paula and asked if she got the email so now I'm in an awkward spot if I shouldn't have done that
Chris Castel: Whoopsies
Jacob Babbitt: You probably shouldn’t have
Jacob Babbitt: But at the same time, she’s Paula. They probably wouldn’t be upset if she showed up
Chris Castel: null
Jacob Babbitt: Her insights would probably be appreciated. They would by me
Chris Castel: I would appreciate Matthew's insights so can he come?
Matthew McDevitt: Really I have insights
Chris Castel: Lol
Jacob Babbitt: I think Matthew’s insights would be properly reflected by anything you or I said at the meeting. I’d hope they’d let him come but I understand if they didn’t because he didn’t apply
Chris Castel: Quickity quackity
Chris Castel: If this is where they're going to tell us to go to CTK Mass I'm gonna go down fighting tooth and nail
Chris Castel: Aight Jacob are you actually coming to the caf?
Jacob Babbitt: Yes sorry I’m about to leave lol
Jacob Babbitt: We can talk about this when I get there
Chris Castel: Wait wait
Matthew McDevitt: I expect Jacob to represent my interests at this meeting.
Chris Castel: Grab my laptop charger
Chris Castel: Pls
Chris Castel: I'd love you more than Matthew loves his sleep
Jacob Babbitt: Wait why me @Matthew McDevitt ? Lolol
Matthew McDevitt: that's imposable Chris.
Chris Castel: null
Chris Castel: OT meme for once. Shaking things up.
Matthew McDevitt: Jacob just because I understand your position and I think you understand my position.
Jacob Babbitt: I’m going to go in there and be like “well Matthew and I wish that this community showed more conservative and capitalistic tendencies”
Jacob Babbitt: “We need to be making more money here”
Matthew McDevitt: Groupme: 0/10 for no dislike button
Jacob Babbitt: “Remember the Inquisition? Let’s bring that back”
Matthew McDevitt: lol
Chris Castel: null
Jacob Babbitt: Yes ^
Matthew McDevitt: My BBC position If you want me to show up make it worth my time.
Matthew McDevitt: bcc*
Matthew McDevitt: lol
Chris Castel: It's gonna be fun with the current board in there as well. I've not revealed my thoughts to any of them but Bordiuk.
Chris Castel: All of a sudden I'm nailing my theses to the wall
Chris Castel: THIS IS THE BCC REFORMATION
Matthew McDevitt: I think it might a good idea to use tonight's bible study to talk about BCC
Chris Castel: Aye
Chris Castel: Keep all side comments about the reading to yaself lol
Jacob Babbitt: Yeah who needs the good foundation of scripture study and prayer life anyway
Jacob Babbitt: There’s three of us
Jacob Babbitt: And only one Bordiuk
Matthew McDevitt: ggggrrrr but I need head to Walmart
Jacob Babbitt: We can have a bible study mutiny
Matthew McDevitt: i can't English
Chris Castel: Go to Walmart later!
Chris Castel: Live on the edge Matthew!
Chris Castel: Get 7.6 hours of sleep!
Matthew McDevitt: fine
Chris Castel: null
Matthew McDevitt: nope
Matthew McDevitt:  You are late!!!