Salty Single Pringle X: Ex Catholic Church 
Salty Single Pringle X: Hero 
Merry, Rider of the Mark: How was mass attendance @Salty Single Pringle X 
Salty Single Pringle X: It was decent not full but also not empty. A very diverse crowd. 
Pippin, Soldier of Gondor: That's a big yeet for Father Neely
Pippin, Soldier of Gondor: Make sure to ask Jacob about Mass this morning @Salty Single Pringle X 
Merry, Rider of the Mark: Saint Mary of the Seven Sorrows at 9 AM has objectively the most beautiful mass I’ve ever attended
Merry, Rider of the Mark: I almost cried
Salty Single Pringle X: Wow
Salty Single Pringle X: @Merry, Rider of the Mark  You are right British women aren’t that attractive 
Salty Single Pringle X: Only if Saint Mary’s had parking 
Merry, Rider of the Mark: Ben and Elizabeth are snuggling on the couch and I feel trapped in my room
Pippin, Soldier of Gondor: Lol
Merry, Rider of the Mark: Don’t lol at me
Pippin, Soldier of Gondor: LOL
Merry, Rider of the Mark: I was like
Pippin, Soldier of Gondor: Hahaha
Merry, Rider of the Mark: They’re not even talking it’s weirding me out
Merry, Rider of the Mark: Like, I get it, but I live here too
Merry, Rider of the Mark: I’m not that mad, it’s mostly just funny
Pippin, Soldier of Gondor: I'm enjoying this
Merry, Rider of the Mark: It’s okay Brenton came home and rescued me
Salty Single Pringle X: I just had a dream.....
Salty Single Pringle X: That @Merry, Rider of the Mark was graduating a semester early for some reason. 
Salty Single Pringle X: Lol Ben and Elizabeth 
Merry, Rider of the Mark: Oof
Merry, Rider of the Mark: Go to bed @Salty Single Pringle X 
Salty Single Pringle X: Maybe I will 
Merry, Rider of the Mark: So last night I was in rehearsal for Symphony of Psalms. It’s a piece for a large choir and a small orchestra. We had the orchestra only rehearsal last night. Our conductor is one of the choir conductors, Dr Ames. Dr Ames has this really strange habit where he thinks that any instrument that ends in a vowel has the plural where you stick an I on the end of it. So Cello becomes celli instead of cellos. Piano becomes piani instead of pianos. 
Merry, Rider of the Mark: Then he wanted the oboes to play
Merry, Rider of the Mark: And I was like
Merry, Rider of the Mark: null
Pippin, Soldier of Gondor: null
Merry, Rider of the Mark: So the first thing my sociology professor said today in class was “so we all know that there are more than two genders”
Merry, Rider of the Mark: And I’m like
Pippin, Soldier of Gondor: Gee that guy has a lot of luggage
Merry, Rider of the Mark: Oof
GroupMe: Merry, Rider of the Mark changed name to One encumbered boi
GroupMe: Pippin, Soldier of Gondor changed name to One Howard Shore Boi
One Howard Shore Boi: null
One encumbered boi: Is that you Father Fye
One encumbered boi: This is what Father Fye sees whenever he gives a Benton homily
Salty Single Pringle X: null
Salty Single Pringle X: The stage 
Salty Single Pringle X: I’m upset go to St.Pauls cathedral not Catholic disrespect. So offended that I had to double check. 20 pounds to get in is disrespect. 
Salty Single Pringle X: St Pauls Cathedral 
Salty Single Pringle X: null
One encumbered boi: lol those darn brits copying our capitol building
One encumbered boi: Even they know America is the best
One encumbered boi: It’s funny @Salty Single Pringle X how you’re in England, but because of Saint Patrick’s Day all I’ve been listening to is Irish drinking songs and rebel songs
Salty Single Pringle X: Yeah it was weird being in England for Saint Patricks day 
Salty Single Pringle X: Lion King tonight though hype 
Salty Single Pringle X: No Crystal Palace gear :( 
One encumbered boi: Oof
One encumbered boi: Shoot dude they e got stuff from all over Europe though
One encumbered boi: They’ve*
Salty Single Pringle X: Yup 
One encumbered boi: CELTIC
Salty Single Pringle X: Lol I thought about buying one 
One Howard Shore Boi: Me rn
Salty Single Pringle X: null
One encumbered boi: When you’re praying and all of a sudden you come up with a 10/10 Awakening proposal idea
Salty Single Pringle X: Lol 
One encumbered boi: That’s a surprise tool that will help us later
One encumbered boi: MATTHEW GO TO BED
Salty Single Pringle X: No 
Salty Single Pringle X: I can do whatever I want 
One encumbered boi: On an unrelated note Father Fye told me my hair looked good today
One encumbered boi: Thanks Father after
One encumbered boi: Fye*
Salty Single Pringle X: Nice 
Salty Single Pringle X: Loin King was amazing tonight 
One Howard Shore Boi: Celebrating the solemnity of St. Joseph with Cook Out YEET
Salty Single Pringle X: With Joseph DiPaolo I hope lol 
One Howard Shore Boi: When you forget to set your alarm for 7 and wake up at 7:45
Salty Single Pringle X: null
Salty Single Pringle X: null
Salty Single Pringle X: null
Salty Single Pringle X: null
Salty Single Pringle X: null
One encumbered boi: What are these @Salty Single Pringle X 
One Howard Shore Boi: I try my best to make my reminders unique
Salty Single Pringle X: @One encumbered boi  Pictures of the Catholic Cathedral for England 
Salty Single Pringle X: London *
Salty Single Pringle X: Well I'm heading back to America tomorrow 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
GroupMe: Salty Single Pringle X changed name to Salty Single Crisp X
One encumbered boi: I always overhear the most..... interesting conversations when I’m alone at the caf
One encumbered boi: Girl 1: how’s your other bible class going?
Girl 2: the Martyrs, Mystics, and Saints one? It’s okay....
One encumbered boi: Me, internally: THATS MY DREAM CLASS
One encumbered boi: Girl 1: just okay?
Girl 2: yeah, I mean, it’s just 5 of us on a Monday night. It’s not that great. And like, 3 of the 5 people are already catholic so they already know all about the mystics, martyrs, and saints
One encumbered boi: Me, internally: WHO ARE THEY? TELL ME WHO THEY ARE!!!!!!!!!!!!
One encumbered boi: Girl 2: I mean, I guess the class would be more interesting if.. idk. If it was more interesting hahaha
One encumbered boi: Me, almost externally but still internally: WHAT DO YOU MEAN THE SAINTS ARE INTERESTING?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?
One encumbered boi: Aren’t*
One encumbered boi: AHHHHHH IM GOING TO LOSE MY MIND
One encumbered boi: WHY DONT THEY GET IT
One encumbered boi: How do I make them get it
One encumbered boi: Okay, the mystics I can get as “boring” at first
One encumbered boi: But the martyrs??
One encumbered boi: Seriously?