Pre-Vatican II Kentucky Derby: Mhmmm sweet tea for my relaxation today
Pre-Vatican II Kentucky Derby: Happy solemnity boyos
Joseph Vincent DiPaolo: Any St St Joseph cakes
Pre-Vatican II Kentucky Derby: None for u
Joseph Vincent DiPaolo: I cri
Joseph Vincent DiPaolo: Fr. Hammond's St. Joseph homily this morning was fire
Joseph Vincent DiPaolo: If this doesn't describe having Joseph as a friend I don't know what does @Jacob with his face in his hands
Joseph Vincent DiPaolo: null
Joseph Vincent DiPaolo: null
Joseph Vincent DiPaolo: Outtakes 
Joseph Vincent DiPaolo: null
Lord chaos elmo: So when is our exodus meeting? 
Pre-Vatican II Kentucky Derby: @Joseph Vincent DiPaolo And I never made a final decision on that. I am free tonight if that’s what y’all want to do
Lord chaos elmo: Then let’s do it tonight if that works for @Joseph Vincent DiPaolo 
Joseph Vincent DiPaolo: Yuh
Pre-Vatican II Kentucky Derby: I literally knew this would happen. I literally said to myself last night “they’re not going to have someone to unlock the doors tomorrow”
Pre-Vatican II Kentucky Derby: And lo!
Lord chaos elmo: And let me know if you guys are coming to my parents place for the bday party 
Pre-Vatican II Kentucky Derby: I plan on attending the birthday party
Pre-Vatican II Kentucky Derby: Matthew is a big boomer now 
Lord chaos elmo: NO DRAFT BIG YEET
Joseph Vincent DiPaolo: So here's the situation with Joey coming to Louisiana
Joseph Vincent DiPaolo: We've worked out what airports within reasonable range will get us the cheapest rates for him to fly down and he's got his request off approved. The only problem is airline prices are a little high right now so the lowest we can get it is around $550. So we're stuck on the money right now.
Joseph Vincent DiPaolo: Sorry I got pulled into a meeting so here's my question. Would you guys be willing to help pitch in to cover Joey's flight? Miranda and I are both throwing some in.
Lord chaos elmo: Yes I can pitch in ￼
Pre-Vatican II Kentucky Derby: I can’t contribute a lot but I’m willing to help
Pre-Vatican II Kentucky Derby: Question: does Joey’s attendance affect the decision to have the trip at all? Like, if he can’t make it for whatever reason will we still be going?
Joseph Vincent DiPaolo: The trip doesn't hinge on Joey no. I'd just really like him there.
Lord chaos elmo: null
Lord chaos elmo: null
Lord chaos elmo: Just wanted to let you guys know that my grandmother passed away peacefully this morning and entered the Kingdom of God. 
Lord chaos elmo: Well boys I got an offer I will be departing from Healthstream in around 2 weeks 
Pre-Vatican II Kentucky Derby: Pog
Pre-Vatican II Kentucky Derby: Congratulations
Lord chaos elmo: Thank you! 
Joseph Vincent DiPaolo: But the boomers
Joseph Vincent DiPaolo: What will they do now
Lord chaos elmo: Yeah Jeff is not going to be happy 
Joseph Vincent DiPaolo: Hahaha for real though congrats 
Joseph Vincent DiPaolo: Where at
Pre-Vatican II Kentucky Derby: Yeah they’re not going to be happy when you take the team with you @Lord chaos elmo 
Lord chaos elmo: ClarisHealth it's a payment integrated software for healthcare 
Pre-Vatican II Kentucky Derby: I’ll interstate your payment
Pre-Vatican II Kentucky Derby: Dammit
GroupMe: Pre-Vatican II Kentucky Derby has left the group.
Lord chaos elmo: Lol
Joseph Vincent DiPaolo: Failure
Joseph Vincent DiPaolo: Complete and utter
GroupMe: Pre-Vatican II Kentucky Derby has rejoined the group
Joseph Vincent DiPaolo: Nolan's down for marathoning the rest of Boba Fett on the 18th
Joseph Vincent DiPaolo: And Freddy too
Joseph Vincent DiPaolo: Joey is coming to Louisiana now 
Joseph Vincent DiPaolo: Oof owie my wallet
Joseph Vincent DiPaolo: Latin Mass in New Orleans for Divine Mercy Sunday is now in the plans teehee
Joseph Vincent DiPaolo: null
Lord chaos elmo: When are we going to Louisiana￼? Again 
Lord chaos elmo: @Joseph Vincent DiPaolo 
Joseph Vincent DiPaolo: April 21 to 25
Lord chaos elmo:  ok I will see if I can take off on my first week at the new job 
Joseph Vincent DiPaolo: Bruh
Joseph Vincent DiPaolo: You can't ask to start later?
Lord chaos elmo: I already pushed it out so I can take pto this up coming week 
Lord chaos elmo: I will figure something out 
Lord chaos elmo: Worst comes to worst I will do some work in Louisiana but I will talk to Mark my senior as soon as I can to work it out  
Joseph Vincent DiPaolo: Happy solemnity boyos
Lord chaos elmo: Do we still fast from meat today? 
Joseph Vincent DiPaolo: Depends on if you wanna relax that or not
Pre-Vatican II Kentucky Derby: I suggest we do normal (not Wednesday and Friday) eating habits plus the one relaxation. As if it were a Sunday during Exodus. Fair? I assume the church gives us freedom to eat meat today? Or am I wrong
Joseph Vincent DiPaolo: Yes we are dispensed from Friday Lenten fasting on St Joseph and the Annunciation if they fall on Fridays during Lent
Pre-Vatican II Kentucky Derby: Does my above suggestion sound fair then?
Joseph Vincent DiPaolo: Sure
Joseph Vincent DiPaolo: Looks like meat's back on the menu boys
Pre-Vatican II Kentucky Derby: Would anyone like to join me for cookout tonight?
Joseph Vincent DiPaolo: Would anyone like some stew
Joseph Vincent DiPaolo: Miranda is getting me something but if you go closer to 8 or 9 I can get down with that because I've only eaten breakfast today
Pre-Vatican II Kentucky Derby: HMMMM
Pre-Vatican II Kentucky Derby: Let me get back to you
Joseph Vincent DiPaolo: Jk Miranda bailed on getting me food now that I mentioned Cook Out she wants Cook Out
Joseph Vincent DiPaolo: We have a house tour at like 545 so we'll be going separate around like 615 if that works 
Joseph Vincent DiPaolo: What the heck McCrucifer referenced an obscure System of a Down song in the Exodus chat. This makes me feel very conflicted.
Lord chaos elmo: So are you going to the pizza party? 
Joseph Vincent DiPaolo: I might 
Joseph Vincent DiPaolo: Food tastes best when it's free
GroupMe: Pre-Vatican II Kentucky Derby changed name to Jewish Cookout CEO
Jewish Cookout CEO: I forgot to take the trash to the street. Can someone do that for me this morning please?
Joseph Vincent DiPaolo: I've successfully pit all Miranda and her roommates all against each other for April Fool's 
Joseph Vincent DiPaolo: I am the puppet master
Lord chaos elmo: The 3 of us are all meeting up tonight to work out the logistics of this bachelor party 
Joseph Vincent DiPaolo: Aye capn
Jewish Cookout CEO: Oh boy oh boy I sure do love it when people say “whoops we forgot to tell you but we need you to make a crap ton of bread as soon as possible” :)
Lord chaos elmo: The quitting Publix meme is up 10% in pre market hours invest now 
Jewish Cookout CEO: Deli manager says “well we got some orders in and we need 12 Cuban breads as soon as possible”
Jewish Cookout CEO: Sure thing let me just pull them out of my butt
Joseph Vincent DiPaolo: I don't think that's sanitary
Joseph Vincent DiPaolo: They didn't ask for ham on their bread
Lord chaos elmo: Do I need to get the dessert for tonight?
Joseph Vincent DiPaolo: I don't know. We can't have dessert idk why he said that 
Lord chaos elmo: Meh he said it optional ￼
Jewish Cookout CEO: Salsa is dessert
Jewish Cookout CEO: Time are we leaving? Are we riding together? 