Communist Heavy: When they think parties build community 
J'zargo Has Heard of the Staff of Magnus: Camden just asked Miranda "so how is the board actually going"
J'zargo Has Heard of the Staff of Magnus: Miranda's response was
J'zargo Has Heard of the Staff of Magnus: "It's awful"
J'zargo Has Heard of the Staff of Magnus: Y'all wanna get together with us and Joey next weekend? He says he would like to get together with everyone.
Communist Heavy: I really want to ask Father Fye if there are term limits for this young adult leadership team. (I know there aren't) But with no term limits what's the process of getting on the core team or even taking David's place? 
Quickbeam (again): ￼
Quickbeam (again): null
Quickbeam (again): The one like
Quickbeam (again): @Communist Heavy we must stay quiet in regards to board and terms for now. Remember that our long term goal is not to remove people from "power", but rather to build the community we want to see. Joniak could be of use to us if he can come to understand and share our vision
J'zargo Has Heard of the Staff of Magnus: "Joniak could be of use to us"
J'zargo Has Heard of the Staff of Magnus: Jacob sounds like a Sith Lord lol
Quickbeam (again): null
Communist Heavy: Sure ideally Joniak is useful but his value is dropping with every GroupMe message 
Quickbeam (again): Joniak has no actual power. And the power he has he probably doesn't want. The board are little more than groupme mods at this point. We just focus on our little event and building our own community around that
Communist Heavy: Our leverage grows with the growth of the evening prayer 
J'zargo Has Heard of the Staff of Magnus: We need a new Chancellor, one will take control of the bureaucrats, enforce laws, and give us justice
J'zargo Has Heard of the Staff of Magnus: I mean board
J'zargo Has Heard of the Staff of Magnus: :)
Quickbeam (again): Our only movements outside of our event should be in personal conversation with Fr Fye in a setting where he is comfortable, and without implied additional motive. 
J'zargo Has Heard of the Staff of Magnus: Time to get that trip to the range on the calendar
Quickbeam (again): Like, yes, we should want to know how and why David and the board are in power, and what Father's long term goal for all of that is, but we must be careful that we don't make enemies too quickly
J'zargo Has Heard of the Staff of Magnus: Pretty sure it's just because they're the only ones who volunteered 
Quickbeam (again): Yes but who all was asked
J'zargo Has Heard of the Staff of Magnus: Probably just Fr. Fye and his defunct parish council if I had to guess
Quickbeam (again): So Fr Fye personally reached out to these individuals?
J'zargo Has Heard of the Staff of Magnus: Oh I see what you mean
Quickbeam (again): Because I don't feel like that's how Fr Fye would do this
J'zargo Has Heard of the Staff of Magnus: Pretty sure it was just an announcement David made at some point asking for board people
J'zargo Has Heard of the Staff of Magnus: That's how I remember it went with Miranda 
Quickbeam (again): On what forum though? the GroupMe?
Communist Heavy: No, I think David reached out to people
J'zargo Has Heard of the Staff of Magnus: I'm just confused now
Quickbeam (again): Who asked Miranda to be on this team? Was is David? Was it Fr Fye? How was she asked? Was it a message/conversation to her personally? Was it a big groupme message? Was it an email?
Quickbeam (again): Miranda and the other team members*
Communist Heavy: But depending on how much evening prayer grows and what the core team's reaction is will dictate how fast we move. But at a certain point, we will have to cross the Rubicon. I see two options. One go to Father Fye and have him establish a new board. Option two I could join the core team and try and give them the same vision. 
Quickbeam (again): We definitely wait until the party on the 22nd. If that goes as planned and the board doesn't make any changes, then its time to just have a conversation with Fr Fye about our concerns. We just say "hey, we're not sure we like where this is going. what's your vision? how do we fit into that vision?" and then we be obedient to whatever he says
Quickbeam (again): If Father says "you/y'all should be a part of the conversation the board is having" then we join that conversation. If he says "yeah, im not sure how much longer they'll be around" we be patient. If he says "there are good ideas happening that you guys don't know about" we trust his judgment and authority
Quickbeam (again): And all that being said, our primary focus remains on Monday evening prayer and dinner
Communist Heavy: Honestly this groupme stuff has really made me less optimistic about ￼be joining the core team 
J'zargo Has Heard of the Staff of Magnus: Saruman is on my side @Quickbeam (again) 
Quickbeam (again): Lol
J'zargo Has Heard of the Staff of Magnus: I think I'll start digging into Matthew's videos now lol
Quickbeam (again): null
Communist Heavy: null
J'zargo Has Heard of the Staff of Magnus: Pog
Quickbeam (again): null
Communist Heavy: Ded 
J'zargo Has Heard of the Staff of Magnus: Remember that right wing bank thing I shared a few months back @Communist Heavy 
Communist Heavy: Did it get shut down for money laundering 
J'zargo Has Heard of the Staff of Magnus: https://glorifi.com/
J'zargo Has Heard of the Staff of Magnus: They GONE
Communist Heavy: NICE
J'zargo Has Heard of the Staff of Magnus: Also I scrolled back to see when I shared it and it was the day Matthew broke and decided to go rogue against St. Ann Young Adults
J'zargo Has Heard of the Staff of Magnus: The day the random Catholics chat blew up about ragers lol
Communist Heavy: @J'zargo Has Heard of the Staff of Magnus can you see how many people from random Catholics are coming to the stann party 
J'zargo Has Heard of the Staff of Magnus: *skitter skitter sneak sneak*
J'zargo Has Heard of the Staff of Magnus: null
J'zargo Has Heard of the Staff of Magnus: null
Communist Heavy: All these people who don't go to st ann 
J'zargo Has Heard of the Staff of Magnus: All the people not from St. Ann trying to sneak in
Communist Heavy: Lol
Communist Heavy: Whenever I think about the frat Catholic community 
J'zargo Has Heard of the Staff of Magnus: LOL
J'zargo Has Heard of the Staff of Magnus: Shall we try the ramen place for dinner again
Communist Heavy: No
J'zargo Has Heard of the Staff of Magnus: Sadge 
J'zargo Has Heard of the Staff of Magnus: I think I'll eat at home
Communist Heavy: Lame 
J'zargo Has Heard of the Staff of Magnus: A man can only eat so many bar burgers 
Communist Heavy: We had pizza last week 
J'zargo Has Heard of the Staff of Magnus: Only because we couldn't go to the ramen place 🧐
Communist Heavy: It doesn't have space 
J'zargo Has Heard of the Staff of Magnus: 🤔
J'zargo Has Heard of the Staff of Magnus: Fine
Communist Heavy: So Jacob is leading the St Ann young adult community 
Quickbeam (again): I guess so
Quickbeam (again): Soon we will have a new Jacob in charge
Quickbeam (again): One far younger, and more... powerful
J'zargo Has Heard of the Staff of Magnus: null
Quickbeam (again): null
J'zargo Has Heard of the Staff of Magnus: How y'all feel about Baja this weekend with Joey and friends? Maybe Ben and maybe Isaac?
Quickbeam (again): I can only do Saturday dinner
J'zargo Has Heard of the Staff of Magnus: Roger
Quickbeam (again): Or Sunday anytime but obviously can’t be Baja
Communist Heavy: Sure but it depends on when that concert is at the Goretti house that Jeremy invited us too. @Quickbeam (again)  ￼
Quickbeam (again): That’s right
J'zargo Has Heard of the Staff of Magnus: Ugh
Communist Heavy: When is that @Quickbeam (again) 
Quickbeam (again): null
J'zargo Has Heard of the Staff of Magnus: Pog
Communist Heavy: Cool then Saturday dinner should be good 
Quickbeam (again): If others need to do Friday or Saturday lunch or whatever don’t feel like you have to cater your plans for me @J'zargo Has Heard of the Staff of Magnus 
J'zargo Has Heard of the Staff of Magnus: What if I told you Joey asked specifically for you 
Quickbeam (again): If plans change I will make an effort to see Joey on Saturday or Sunday
J'zargo Has Heard of the Staff of Magnus: He didn't lol I just wanted to see what you'd say lol I'm dumb
J'zargo Has Heard of the Staff of Magnus: But he did say he wanted to see both of you at least once
Communist Heavy: @J'zargo Has Heard of the Staff of Magnus 
J'zargo Has Heard of the Staff of Magnus: Hehe
J'zargo Has Heard of the Staff of Magnus: J'zargo is master of illusion and deception 