Chris Castel: Apparently it's a separate function that you do before selecting housing
Chris Castel: Just go into Housing on MyBelmont and request me back
Matthew McDevitt: I Wili
Jacob Babbitt: How did no one tell me about that???
Jacob Babbitt: Not y'all, I mean, the RAs and stuff
Matthew McDevitt: I will*
Chris Castel: Frank Pendowski and Michael Rooney have taken 112
Jacob Babbitt: So what do we do
Chris Castel: We could always ask them if they'd be willing to switch
Chris Castel: ResLife doesn't care if you switch once you move in
Chris Castel: Or so Cory and Kyle told me
Jacob Babbitt: How did we not know about this though? That's what I'm still wondering
Matthew McDevitt: Ok Chris what room should I pick for Russell 
Matthew McDevitt: Jacob go to res life
Chris Castel: Any one of them that's a triple
Chris Castel: Only first floor has any open rooms for us
Chris Castel: You want me to talk to Frank or do you want to Jacob?
Jacob Babbitt: I don't know who that is
Chris Castel: That answers my questiom
Jacob Babbitt: Is he the really big white guy
Chris Castel: Question*
Chris Castel: Yes
Jacob Babbitt: I mean, we can, but I want to talk to res life first
Chris Castel: Gotcha 
Jacob Babbitt: And I'd appreciate it if one of both of y'all went with me today. If not that's okay but I'd just appreciate it
Chris Castel: I have class 11 to 1:45 and work 2 to 7 :/
Matthew McDevitt: Chris do you know who we need to see
Jacob Babbitt: What do you have tomorrow?
Chris Castel: 12 to 4
Matthew McDevitt: we can all work with that
Jacob Babbitt: You have stuff from 12-4 or don't have stuff from 12-4
Matthew McDevitt: tomorrow I have classes for 8:50-9:00 then class at 12:00 -!2:50
Chris Castel: I have class 12-4
Jacob Babbitt: Unless we wanted to go that afternoon or during convo hour then I can't do tomorrow
Jacob Babbitt: After your classes end
Matthew McDevitt: Let's do it during convo hour 
Chris Castel: Shoot
Chris Castel: I have a review for a final at convo hour
Chris Castel: It might be more beneficial if you two just go
Chris Castel: Also room 010 is still open with 3 spots so if we can let's nab that one Matthew. I'm assuming you have to select Russell Suites and no filter, since that's what I had to do browsing the available housing. 
Jacob Babbitt: Is 010 still open?
Matthew McDevitt: yes
Chris Castel: What do I click to apply?
Chris Castel: Halp
Chris Castel: What section
Jacob Babbitt: ?
Chris Castel: There are like 10 different links under housing 
Chris Castel: Which one is the actual application
Jacob Babbitt: Send a picture 
Jacob Babbitt: If you can
Jacob Babbitt: Should just be MyBelmont, housing tab
Jacob Babbitt: And then it should be pretty obvious 
Chris Castel: null
Chris Castel: Am I in the right place?
Jacob Babbitt: Housing selection draw
Chris Castel: We're in Matthew
Chris Castel: We got Suite 010
Chris Castel: Now all that's left is to get Jacob in here
Matthew McDevitt: null
Chris Castel: I approve of your meme choice
Jacob Babbitt: @Matthew McDevitt What are your plans for the rest of today?
Matthew McDevitt: study and then go to praise and worship thing tonight
Jacob Babbitt: Can you go to the res life office with me at some point
Matthew McDevitt: i can meet you outside of Maddox right now if you want
Jacob Babbitt: Give me 5-10 minutes
Matthew McDevitt: yup i will be outside
Jacob Babbitt: Bad idea with the rain
Jacob Babbitt: Where is the res life office anyway?
Chris Castel: Under Wright
Chris Castel: Right side of the stairs
Jacob Babbitt: In a dungeon. Sweet
Jacob Babbitt: Right side of the stairs outside of the dorm?
Chris Castel: Yes
Chris Castel: Correct me if I'm wrong @Matthew McDevitt 
Matthew McDevitt: Yup I'm standing next to it 
Jacob Babbitt: Lol okay I'm on my way
Jacob Babbitt: @Matthew McDevitt You want a coke?
Matthew McDevitt: No but thanks 
Jacob Babbitt: Where are you? I'm under the stairs
Matthew McDevitt: I'm up the stairs 
Jacob Babbitt: lol I'm at the wrong dorm 
Matthew McDevitt: What is your phone number 
Jacob Babbitt: 3345243197
Jacob Babbitt: I got it I'm on my way
Jacob Babbitt: BRUH @Chris Castel 
Jacob Babbitt: We're all in 010
Jacob Babbitt: We don't have to share a bathroom
Matthew McDevitt: 😎😎😎
Chris Castel: Yeahhhhh buddy
GroupMe: Chris Castel changed the group's name to The Catholic Triumvirate Suite
Jacob Babbitt: @Chris Castel Next time you see Jenny ask her if she knows self-defense
Matthew McDevitt: I'm about to head to the crub to hangout and work on homework if you guys would like to join me. 
Matthew McDevitt: Are you guys coming to coffee house? 
Jacob Babbitt: I'm not
Chris Castel: In case anyone didn't get the memo, my phone killed itself yesterday and doesn't function.
Chris Castel: so yea
Jacob Babbitt: Anyone want to eat lunch in a few minutes conmigo?
Matthew McDevitt: I'm at the cafeteria 
Jacob Babbitt: I'll be there in a few. You sitting with anyone?
Matthew McDevitt: No feel free to join me 