Tom Bombadil: I was playing a speedy game of Civ today and I accidentally gave away one of my two cities while making peace
Tom Bombadil: I’ve never left a game so fast
Treebeard: Classic Tom Bombadil 
Treebeard: I've finished two of the new Thrawn books since starting Lent. Highly redommended.
Tom Bombadil: Prayers lads! Liz is coming to mass with me tomorrow. 8 AM
Treebeard: Hecc
Treebeard: Today Miranda and I witnessed a man going around dying the grass more green
Treebeard: Classic Belmont 
Tom Bombadil: Wait
Tom Bombadil: What lol
Treebeard: 100% serious
Treebeard: They freaking dye the grass greener 
Tom Bombadil: Do you think Bob fisher knows?
Strider: he ordered it lol
Treebeard: He probably commissioned it
Treebeard: LOL
Treebeard: Matthew and I are on the same page 
Tom Bombadil: Lol
Treebeard: Get to Mass @Tom Bombadil 
Treebeard: How it go
Strider: null
Tom Bombadil: Good! She was totally lost
Tom Bombadil: She has no real concepts of theology so I can’t even really begin to explain things
Tom Bombadil: But she’s curious enough
Tom Bombadil: She’ll be back
Treebeard: MUAHAHAHA
Treebeard: I mean a lot of people coming out of Catholic schools barely have any theological knowledge anyway
Strider: The first case of coronavirus reported in Tennessee RIP
Treebeard: Williamson County too
Treebeard: Road trip to Franklin anyone?
Tom Bombadil: Father elevated the Eucharist and the bells started ringing and she goes “what the heck is going on” and I wanted to be like “JESUS CHRIST HAS TAKEN THE FORM OF BREAD AND WINE TO NOURISH OUR SOULS AND GIVE US A FORETASTE OF HEAVEN AND DELIVER US FROM EVIL! HEAVEN AND EARTH HAVE KISSED AND WE ARE UNITED WITH THE SAINTS IN HEAVEN AND OTHER CATHOLICS AROUND THE WORLD” but I didn’t
Strider: lol
Treebeard: Why not boi
Tom Bombadil: Because we were in mass
Tom Bombadil: Reverent silence my guy
Treebeard: I think Jesus would be ok with that jus sayin
Tom Bombadil: Next time
Tom Bombadil: It was funny though the elevation really got her
Treebeard: Not like the priest is elevating the Eucharist and you're breaking out into into Chaccaron Maccaron
Tom Bombadil: Also her first ever mass was ad orientem 
Treebeard: HECK
Treebeard: BIG HECK
Tom Bombadil: Indeed
Tom Bombadil: God yeeting her soul a little closer to salvation and she doesn’t even know it
Treebeard: Hahaha
Tom Bombadil: So many unknown graces
Treebeard: Also an accurate depiction
Strider: YEET
Treebeard: Can we also just take a moment to appreciate the accuracy of those CG physics that a lot of CGI in 2002 wouldn't come close to
Treebeard: The way that Ent's entire body follows through and his foot has to stop the momentum.
Strider: Realistic YEETING
Treebeard: Yeeting squared
Treebeard: I'm just noticing that note at the top for the first time...are you not supposed to say the invitatory if you've prayed matins?
Treebeard: @Tom Bombadil ?
Tom Bombadil: Nope
Treebeard: Wait so what do you doooo
Tom Bombadil: Skip it
Treebeard: Not even God come to my assistance?
Treebeard: Just full skip?
Tom Bombadil: null
Treebeard: O
Treebeard: I honestly was heartbroken when they took my Louisiana license
Strider: Welcome to the dark side 
Treebeard: YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Treebeard: We just got a song cut for one of the Marvel Disney+ series at work
Strider: which series?? @Treebeard 
Treebeard: They haven't told us yet the music supervisor is supposed to call next week
Treebeard: The song is called Let's Go to War
Strider: The Falcon and the Winter Soldier?
Treebeard: Boi didn't I say I don't know
Strider: that would be my guess
Treebeard: Hmmmm
Treebeard: Unless it's one that hasn't been announced yet 
Treebeard: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tk_7kby_-BM
Treebeard: I just wanted to share this song because I really love it. It's really good.
Treebeard: I'm heading out for BNA and then onward to Peru soon
Strider: Big yeet
Treebeard: I'm going to be one international boi soon
Tom Bombadil: Get me a Peru jersey
Tom Bombadil: @Treebeard 
Treebeard: "Tell him to Venmo me 50 dollars right now" - Isaac
Treebeard: Also
Treebeard: "I thought you hated Latin American football" - Ben
Tom Bombadil: B E T
Tom Bombadil: also, I don’t hate Latin American football. I just think it’s an inferior style of play than to European styles
Tom Bombadil: Also, Peru’s jerseys are ICONIC. I really like their jerseys
Tom Bombadil: The red sash is awesome
Tom Bombadil: And then
Tom Bombadil: So earlier my friend Michael posted this in the Projects groupme.
Tom Bombadil: Freaking Father Jacob O.P. decided to pop off
Tom Bombadil: null
Tom Bombadil: Freaking Dominicans lol
Tom Bombadil: “To appeal to a line in the Old Testament with little to no knowledge of rabbinical tradition is intellectually weak and not how Christians approach revelation to begin with”
Tom Bombadil: Like damn Father
Tom Bombadil: Didn’t have to do em like that lol
Treebeard: Yowza
Treebeard: Got em good
Treebeard: Mesa in Miami baybeez
Treebeard: Welp we about to fly over the Atlantic eep
Treebeard: I'll text you boyos when I hit Miami again on the 14th