Chris Castel: ...this was in our mailbox @Jacob Babbitt 
Chris Castel: From what it reads, it sounds like one went to every mailbox in TK, Russell, and Dickens
Jacob Babbitt: The heck lol
Chris Castel: Can one of you to plug in my portable car battery to charge it?
Matthew McDevitt: Why do you have a car battery and what need it for? 
Chris Castel: It's for jumping/inflating tires
Chris Castel: Friend needs tires pumped up
Chris Castel: Pls needs charge
Matthew McDevitt: It is charging 
Jacob Babbitt: I plugged it in but I had to unplug your phone battery thing
Chris Castel: That thing was charged anyway
Chris Castel: Wait, why didn't you use the extension cord?
Jacob Babbitt: What do we need from Kroger. Toilet paper, a broom, what else
Matthew McDevitt: That's everything I think 
Jacob Babbitt: @Chris Castel You need anything?
Chris Castel: @Jacob Babbitt just proper punctuation on a question
Chris Castel: Hey um
Chris Castel: Anyone in the room?
Jacob Babbitt: Yeah
Jacob Babbitt: What do you need
Chris Castel: My wallllet
Jacob Babbitt: Where are you
Chris Castel: Caf
Jacob Babbitt: Do you need it now?
Chris Castel: Not quite
Jacob Babbitt: I'll be there around 11:50
Chris Castel: But 🔜
Jacob Babbitt: Okay so tell me what to do
Chris Castel: Just bring it when you come at 11:50
Jacob Babbitt: Okay
Jacob Babbitt: Where
Chris Castel: null
Jacob Babbitt: Just a heads up I'll be back in the dorm between 4:30 and 6 PM
Jacob Babbitt: Okay lads I need your help with something
Matthew McDevitt: ?
Jacob Babbitt: YOU CANNOT SHARE THIS INFORMATION WITH ANYONE
Jacob Babbitt: null
Jacob Babbitt: I have a great idea for a poster, but I might need y’alls assistance, especially because I want to try to get this done tomorrow
Matthew McDevitt: Well......we are both at work 
Jacob Babbitt: I know, but I just wanted to give y’all a heads up. I’m especially going to need y’alls help with the actual proposal tomorrow after mass. 
Chris Castel: @Jacob Babbitt I have a one-hour break between shifts. I'll be in the room at 3.
Jacob Babbitt: I mean, we have all day today and tomorrow. It’s not super urgent but I’ll be here too
Chris Castel: I also needed to talk to about something else so yeah
Chris Castel: RIP the word you 
Matthew McDevitt: Ok well I will not be back into the room until 5 
Chris Castel: Okay would I be super-distracting and bothering if I played bass/guitar after I get off work?
Chris Castel: Because I reeeeally have this urge to pick up one of them and play.
Jacob Babbitt: When do you get off work? I have aural skills homework that needs to be done but other than that I don’t mind
Chris Castel: Like now haha
Jacob Babbitt: Oh no I’m not in the dorm
Chris Castel: Also you guys should come to Sunday supper! Pls.
Chris Castel: If not for me do it for Katie!
Chris Castel: You guys might be shocked when you see me tonight
Jacob Babbitt: If this means what I think it means it will probably be a pleasant surprise
Chris Castel: What if it means I got a spray tan?
Jacob Babbitt: Still a pleasant surprise
Chris Castel: This is the ideal male body boys. You may not like it, but this is what it look like.
Jacob Babbitt: null
Jacob Babbitt: This is God’s property.
Is it being used? Or abused?
Don’t even think of Smoking in here !!!!
Chris Castel: Whut
Chris Castel: THEY'RE PLAYING MONSTER BY MICHAEL JACKSON IN THE CAF, THE SONG ALMOST UNIVERSALLY AGREED TO NOT ACTUALY HAVE MJ'S VOCALS BUT AN IMPERSONATOR
Chris Castel: I AM TRIGGERED
Chris Castel: I left you two a surprise in the room
Jacob Babbitt: What are y’all doing for lunch today?
Matthew McDevitt: I don’t do go lunch today 
Jacob Babbitt: What
Matthew McDevitt: I don’t go to lunch today 
Matthew McDevitt: *
Chris Castel: I cri
Chris Castel: @Jacob Babbitt broke 1k last night lol
Jacob Babbitt: What are y’all doing for dinner tonight? Y’all want to go to Subway?
Matthew McDevitt: Sure 
Jacob Babbitt: @Chris Castel ?
Chris Castel: Hmmm
Chris Castel: null
Jacob Babbitt: What time? Matthew is probably hungry now
Chris Castel: I'm just sitting around Massey right now
Chris Castel: Trying to act like an actual business student
Chris Castel: So like
Chris Castel: I can go now
Jacob Babbitt: Okay let’s go now
Chris Castel: null
Jacob Babbitt: null
Chris Castel: null
Chris Castel: How do you feel about this Jacob?
Jacob Babbitt: “Fair and balanced gameplay”
Chris Castel: Do you get a sense of achievement and pride?
Chris Castel: null
Chris Castel: Timmy the sprout is not looking good today :(
Matthew McDevitt: RIP
Chris Castel: Press f to pay respects 
Chris Castel: Where you boiz at 
Chris Castel: null
Chris Castel:  "Revelation is thicc" - @Jacob Babbitt 
Chris Castel: I have to be somewhere in 7 minutes but I left my keys in the room
Chris Castel: Pls don't lock door
Matthew McDevitt: Ok 
Chris Castel: Keys retrieved. Door is lockable Sir Babbitt.
Chris Castel: null
Chris Castel: Either of you gonna be in town Sunday morn?