Jacob Babbitt: My struggles
Jacob Babbitt: My pains
Jacob Babbitt: The way I live my life
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: You're right who are you people I live with Dancin' Janson
Jacob Babbitt: XD
Jacob Babbitt: What if someone changed their name to Illiterate but there was no correct way to spell it lol
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Wat
Jacob Babbitt: So the other day one of my (male) coworkers comes up to me and says “Jacob, do you know who you look a lot alike?” And I said “who” and he said “shrek but when he turns into a human”
Jacob Babbitt: null
Jacob Babbitt: And then he goes “trust me, it’s a compliment”
Darth Plagueis the Wise: What??? that's so weird
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Lol what
Jacob Babbitt: Do I look like that?
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: CGI and all
Darth Plagueis the Wise: No 
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Reading the original comics and I found the origin of the oh-so-famous scene from Spider-Man 2
Jacob Babbitt: Hey guys start praying (and maybe writing PL) for Jeremy Chua. He will be a new student at Belmont this fall who wants to be active in BCC. He’s coming from Singapore.
Jacob Babbitt: null
Jacob Babbitt: null
Darth Plagueis the Wise: Interesting I will definitely pray for him. 
Jacob Babbitt: Here is Fr Fye’s response:
Jacob Babbitt: null
Jacob Babbitt: I am probably going to email Jeremy myself
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Ahhhhhhh YEAH
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: I see he's Music Business too 👀
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Your daily Chinese bootleg meme
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ehKnGFXzGJQ@Darth Plagueis the Wise 
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: I'm sorry lol
Darth Plagueis the Wise: yeah nope
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Hahahaha
Darth Plagueis the Wise: null
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: I just showed my brother Smokémon lol
Darth Plagueis the Wise: Lol
Jacob Babbitt: Oh no. Jeremy is living in the Broke this fall lol
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: ALL HAIL PEMBROKE
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: HELL YEAH
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: ANOTHER YEAR HANGING OUT IN THE BROKE LOBBY FOR ME
Jacob Babbitt: Go away Chris
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Once a Pembro, always a Pembro
Jacob Babbitt: I disown that godforsaken building.
Jacob Babbitt: I threw off the chains that you call “Pembro” to live a truly free life
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Sometimes freedom is an illusion Jacob
Jacob Babbitt: Yeah, but the mice that I slept with that year were no illusion
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Third floor was always where the party was at
Jacob Babbitt: With Frankie? Lol
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Well that's a different kind of party from what I mean
Jacob Babbitt: So the third floor was where the parties were at?
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: With Miami Mark putting up duct tape to try to keep high Frankie from crashing in at 4 am
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: It was figurative u fool
Jacob Babbitt: Okay Chris goodnight
Jacob Babbitt: It’s nice going to bed knowing that someone won’t come in in an hour and pretend that their bed is a mechanical bull
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: ...
Jacob Babbitt: Miss you Chris lol
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Look what my brother just got @Jacob Babbitt 
Darth Plagueis the Wise: War Eagle!
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Yeah I told him Auburn is a cult and to remember that when making his decision
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: On the phone with Fr. Fye. Coworkers ask me if that's my girlfriend I'm talking to. Lol.
Darth Plagueis the Wise: null
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Wendy's knows how to advertise
Jacob Babbitt: @I Want Pictures of Spiderman What was your room number freshman year? Jeremy is on the third floor too
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: 309
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: THIRD FLOOR IS THE MOST LIT FLOOR W00T
Darth Plagueis the Wise: null
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: I feel like that would have been even better suited to the expanding brain meme format
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: @Jacob
Darth Plagueis the Wise: lol my dog with the fireworks last night.
Darth Plagueis the Wise: null
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Hahahaha
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Look at that it's Jenny O'Brien posting in Peter's Catholic Friends @Darth Plagueis the Wise 
Darth Plagueis the Wise: Yeah I saw that 
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: I found a new meme format and it's so great because it's so spot-on
Jacob Babbitt: Lol
Darth Plagueis the Wise: null
Darth Plagueis the Wise: @Jacob Babbitt 
Darth Plagueis the Wise: null
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: null
Darth Plagueis the Wise: #worldcupmemes
Jacob Babbitt: The second one is my favorite
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Lol r/thanosdidnothingwrong is banning half the users in the name of balance if you haven't heard Matthew
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: https://www.reddit.com/r/PrequelMemes/comments/8xcg5w/when_rthanosdidnothingwrongs_snap_threatens/
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: This comment section is the best combination of memes
Darth Plagueis the Wise: null
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: LOL
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: I haven't told anyone else about this yet but my dad's company got hit hard monetarily because Exxon pulled all their contracts with him twice now. If the pattern continues there's a strong chance I'll have to put off a semester or two to work and graduate in December 2020 or May 2021. So that's on the table.
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Just wanted you guys to know
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Surprise Thanos in r/Catholicism
Jacob Babbitt: I still haven’t seen Infinity War
Jacob Babbitt: Or Solo
Darth Plagueis the Wise: null
Darth Plagueis the Wise: null
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Lol a Sith in the making
Darth Plagueis the Wise: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GjdycGgeaIY&frags=pl%2Cwn
Jacob Babbitt: “And while, we must assume, that Palpatine is not Anakin’s natural father...”
Jacob Babbitt: Palpatine is Anakin’s father confirmed
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: Literally a Sith in the making this time lolol
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: This screenshot is floating around Twitter lol
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: null
Darth Plagueis the Wise: Lol
I Want Pictures of Spiderman: You're slacking on your meme output, Matthew.
Darth Plagueis the Wise: Yeah I know I deleted reddit on phone but I will still try to increase my meme output. 