The Crimson Tide: Power vacuum has been filled
The Crimson Tide: We now have multiple ins with St. Ann young adults
Sus: When someone complains about ragers
Sus: I have brought prayer, community, and authentic friendship to my new St ann young adults group. 
2004 Auburn Tigers: Ded
Sus: Don't lecture me Joniak I see through the lies of the small groups 
Sus: What I remember about the rise of the  Saint Ann Young adults is ... is how quiet it was. During the waning hours of the  Catholic frat parties, the Triumvirate was discreetly transferred back to St Ann’s. It was a silent car ride. We all knew what was about to happen, and what we were about to do. Did we have any doubts? Any private, frat party thoughts? Perhaps, but no one said a word. Not on the ride to St Ann’s , not when Father gave us a place to pray , and  we marched into the St Ann to pray vespers in community. 
The Crimson Tide: Lol
The Crimson Tide: What a ride
The Crimson Tide: Matthew walking into the McCrucifer party 
Sus: This operation to take over St Ann young adult is now officially code named operation knightfall 
Sus: Would both of you be down to get brunch post 11 mass to discuss the details of our plan at red ￼bicycle￼
2004 Auburn Tigers: Yes
The Crimson Tide: If I come Miranda and Camden will be coming
Sus: Perfect
Sus: Those terms are acceptable￼
2004 Auburn Tigers: null
The Crimson Tide: Matthew asks us to go to Red Bicycle then sits across the aisle from us
The Crimson Tide: So much for loyalty 
2004 Auburn Tigers: Gotta look single for Sarah
2004 Auburn Tigers: 😎
The Crimson Tide: Matthew's getting a St. Ann key
The Crimson Tide: This would happen 
The Crimson Tide: Literally the easiest takeover ever 
Sus: Getting a key from Father 
2004 Auburn Tigers: Ded
The Crimson Tide: We been dying a lot these past few days
2004 Auburn Tigers: True
Sus: People just partying every weekend expecting to build community 
2004 Auburn Tigers: When people ask how many graces have come from a simple prayer and dinner event
Sus: Yeah I’m not going chef 
Sus: Chief*
The Crimson Tide: Ded
The Crimson Tide: Today I will download the entire archive of the prequels off screencaps.com and meme Nashville young adults with every scene from the prequels until I run out of dialogue 
Sus: When Father gives me a key to St Ann’s 
The Crimson Tide: The Triumvirate on their way to remove a blockade of frat parties stifling community and relationship with Jesus
The Crimson Tide: Jacob (offscreen): "Tell them we wish to start vespers at once"
2004 Auburn Tigers: New hyper focus for @The Crimson Tide 
The Crimson Tide: Lol
Sus: the age of Frat Catholics is over. The Time of the triumvirate ha come 
The Crimson Tide: "The Triumvirate wishes to end the frat parties immediately"
The Crimson Tide: "Ah yes, of course. As you know, our parties are perfectly wholesome and community-building."
2004 Auburn Tigers: Lol
The Crimson Tide: Miranda said I had to stop oof
2004 Auburn Tigers: Yeah idk how you didn’t see that coming
2004 Auburn Tigers: @Sus Talking to Joniak: “you know, I’m something of a event planner myself”
Sus: This is what used to be a valid young adults community 
Sus: Me talking David last night 
Sus: null
Sus: When you take over St Ann’s young adults in 3 days 
2004 Auburn Tigers: I love how Publix managers intentionally bounce their associates with special needs from department to department because no one wants to invest the time and energy to train them
2004 Auburn Tigers: What a great system
The Crimson Tide: Publix tea is back
2004 Auburn Tigers: “Hey, my department needs more help.”
“Oh, I have an associate you can have!”
2004 Auburn Tigers: And then of course those associates never actually get trained and are just constantly set up for failure
The Crimson Tide: Jacob the past 4 days
The Crimson Tide: Now that I'm at work I can meme again Miranda can't stop me
The Crimson Tide: Let's continue Episode One: The Phantom Matthew 
Sus: Lol
Sus: Mark is gone this week and I finished all of my work last week 
Sus: So I basically have nothing to do this week 
The Crimson Tide: I more time for the revolution
Sus: null
The Crimson Tide: null
Sus: More to time to complete my manifesto 
2004 Auburn Tigers: I like how when one of us is bored at work the other two become entertained at work
The Crimson Tide: Haha
Sus: I will be emailing Father soon to ask about the key. Jacob and I are scouting out some place to pray outside and to just see how busy at Ann is on Monday’s at 6 and then  we check out L&L market to see busy it is on Mondays. But key or no key the plan is to start next week  
The Crimson Tide: Yeeeeeeehaw
Sus: Hey Father Fye,

We talked briefly after a mass about the idea of a young adult event where we pray vespers and then get dinner together. This would happen every Monday at 6 pm. You also mentioned getting a key from you to open up the church to have a place to pray. Just let me know what the process is to get the key. But in the meantime as long as the weather isn't too bad, we can pray somewhere outside, like in the courtyard. The current plan is to start this next Monday. 

Let me know if you have any questions. 

In Christ, 
Matthew McDevitt
Sus: Email draft]
Sus: let know if you guys want me to add anything/ fix
The Crimson Tide: null
2004 Auburn Tigers: Translate it to Elvish and you’re all good
The Crimson Tide: Lol
Sus: lol
Sus: sent
The Crimson Tide: Pog
Sus: Everyone seeing how fast we are putting this event together
The Crimson Tide: Us on the other hand
The Crimson Tide: Joseph said your meme was uncannily accurate @2004 Auburn Tigers 
2004 Auburn Tigers: The pool skeleton one?
The Crimson Tide: Yes
2004 Auburn Tigers: OOF
The Crimson Tide: That's what Joseph said too lmao
Sus: This takeover
The Crimson Tide: XD
Sus:  "Michael I just sent you an email, with the young adult event with the time and the location, did you receive that?"
The Crimson Tide: So what's the deal with the US-Japan friendly @2004 Auburn Tigers 
2004 Auburn Tigers: The time got changed
2004 Auburn Tigers: So unfortunately it’s not going to work out sadge
The Crimson Tide: Fs in the chat
The Crimson Tide: Miranda says she still wants to come over and hang
Sus: F
The Crimson Tide: I'd be down to do something if you guys are
Sus: When? 
The Crimson Tide: It was Friday evening originally right @2004 Auburn Tigers 
2004 Auburn Tigers: Yes
Sus: Sure I’m down for what ever 
The Crimson Tide: We can do that or we could do Saturday morn whatever works