Everybody Is Good: Almost the entirety of the Belmont men are engrossed in it he has no choice but to accept our control
The Board: Soon we will have a new apprentice 
The Board: One far older and more powerful
Everybody Is Good: First board meeting let's open up with Plagueis Jacob
The Godfather: I walk in with my Belmont sweatshirt hood on
Everybody Is Good: Dewit
The Godfather: We must move quickly the Protestants are relentless we will catch them off balance with this new Focus missionary!
Everybody Is Good: I want you to go to University Ministries
Everybody Is Good: WIPE OUT Todd Lake and the other Protestant faculty
Everybody Is Good: Once more the Catholics will rule Belmont...and we shall have...tradition.
Everybody Is Good: *smirks in Latin*
The Board: I can hear matthew chuckling through the phone
The Godfather: Lol so true 
The Board: Dear Todd and other UM faculty, I am sending you my newest apprentice, Isaac. He will take care of you
Everybody Is Good: Hahahahahahaha
The Board: Can we make a Latin version of revenge of the sith?
The Godfather: Lol yes 
The Godfather: Man he is super active on social media 
Everybody Is Good: He's manipulating the people into giving more power
The Board: BCC: you wanted to say something Megan?
Megan: yes, BCC, come closer I have good news. Our regional director has discovered the location of the new BCC missionary. He’s hiding. At William and Mary.
BCC: at last. We’ll be able to capture that saint and end this time without a male missionary.
Everybody Is Good: Lol ded
The Godfather: We have come a long way lads 
The Board: And at the same time, not that far at all Hahaha
The Godfather: Lol, maybe he can carry us in Fortnite. @The Board 
Everybody Is Good: Ok this is random but my home parish decided to have a band recital in the church...while adoration was going on in the adjoining chapel.
Everybody Is Good: I'm a little frustrated right now
Everybody Is Good: https://www.reddit.com/r/raimimemes/comments/a8bwvz/this_subreddit_in_a_nutshell/
Everybody Is Good: r/raimimemes picked up on it too hahaha
The Godfather: Spicy meme
Everybody Is Good: Y'ALL
Everybody Is Good: I'm here playing Battlefront 2
The Godfather: What?
Everybody Is Good: AND PETER'S SISTER IS ON THIS SERVER 
The Board: Lol what
Everybody Is Good: She called me out
Everybody Is Good: She was like Chris Castel is that you
The Board: And you said
The Board: First of all, was this in voice or text
Everybody Is Good: Text
The Board: Okay
The Board: And you responded what
Everybody Is Good: I said hi
Everybody Is Good: And then I played BF2 with Peter Kim and Audrey Kim
Everybody Is Good: On a public server with a bunch of salty scrubs
Everybody Is Good: My dad gave us gifts early and I got a new phone so I guess I'm being pulled into the present
Everybody Is Good: Also that's why I haven't answered your text yet@The Board 
The Board: Is it an iPhone @Everybody Is Good 
Everybody Is Good: Lol NOPE
Everybody Is Good: Green texts all the way
The Board: Unlucky dude
Everybody Is Good: I am the only woke man here
The Board: @Everybody Is Good Did you get your present from me and @The Godfather 
Everybody Is Good: ...........
Everybody Is Good: Y'all are something else
The Godfather: Lol
The Board: Worth it
Everybody Is Good: Lol
The Godfather: You need to start putting hours Into CSGO!!!! 
Everybody Is Good: I don't know how to play modern FPS games lol
The Godfather: We can teach you no worries with our rank we don’t know either 
The Board: The first counter strike came out in 2003
Everybody Is Good: Shush
The Board: It’s mostly a rooty tooty point and shooty 
The Godfather: I want one round Chris 
Everybody Is Good: I'm at my grandparents' for most of the day wait until tomorrow
The Godfather: It’s ok we can wait 
The Godfather: null
The Godfather: null
The Godfather: null
Everybody Is Good: I feel dirty
The Board: Join the dark side
The Godfather: null
Everybody Is Good: Lol it's me
Everybody Is Good: Now I'm being asked if I wanna be a P-site head woowee
Everybody Is Good: Also break has been really sucky and I still have to come up with 8.5k by Wednesday so yeah any spiritual support would be very appreciated.
The Board: Join me on P site
The Godfather: null
The Godfather: Man I think everyone has had a bad break. 
The Board: Pretty much yeah
Everybody Is Good: :/
The Godfather: Well at least I pick up Jeremy from the airport tomorrow. 
The Board: And our ramen 😋
The Godfather: Aaaaaewwwwwwwwwww yyyyyyyyeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhggg
Everybody Is Good: Dat u Will
Everybody Is Good: SPIDER-MAN
Everybody Is Good: My dad came through so I gotta work on getting him his money eventually but it's paid for. Thanks for the prayers.
Everybody Is Good: And I told Kalin I'd be p-site head
Everybody Is Good: https://www.reddit.com/r/raimimemes/comments/abidho/dont_know_who_is_this_guy_but_hes_a_hero/?utm_source=reddit-android
The Godfather: Lol
Everybody Is Good: Lol @getting pulled over for speeding back from Marymount
The Godfather: Issac loves Star Wars and loves the prequels and knows the memes. 
Everybody Is Good: TODAY IS A GREAT DAY FOR BCC
Everybody Is Good: https://youtu.be/rHuAfBDqsj0
Everybody Is Good: Haven't watched it yet but it sounds like a great video
Everybody Is Good: null
Everybody Is Good: null
Everybody Is Good: I meant to send this last night lol
The Godfather: When she’s not from UT.
Everybody Is Good: LOL
The Godfather: null