Chris Castel: Weezing has been using smokescreen too much
Chris Castel: @Matthew McDevitt 
Matthew McDevitt: hahahahahahahahaha lol
Chris Castel: "I thought Chris took a picture of me"
Chris Castel: Sandstorm is now playing in my car
Chris Castel: Unbelievable 
Jacob Babbitt: Carly and I match lol
Chris Castel: There's a girl in our International Business class who came to the first few BCC events last year.
Chris Castel: Yee
Chris Castel: Yep, she's still in the GroupMe
Chris Castel: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k-cOR88l4jU
Chris Castel: Enjoy
Chris Castel: Roll tide boiz
Chris Castel: Dinner at 6:30?
Jacob Babbitt: I can’t because I’m picking up Chelsea from the airport
Chris Castel: Hmm.
Chris Castel: Well I need to say now that I cannot eat off-campus for the forseeable future. Because my bank account is stretched really thin right now.
Chris Castel: So yeah the thing I was planning on doing Saturday... it just happened. Yeah.
Jacob Babbitt: And?
Chris Castel: I have a date 
Jacob Babbitt: Where are you taking her?
Chris Castel: Pfunky Griddle
Jacob Babbitt: Never heard of it but congrats, my dude
Matthew McDevitt:  Hey that’s pretty good.
Matthew McDevitt: Congrats
Jacob Babbitt: I thought she was done
Jacob Babbitt: null
Matthew McDevitt: lol 
Chris Castel: Why tho
Chris Castel: But really Jacob, counter of floor?
Chris Castel: Or* RIP
Matthew McDevitt: Counter is clearly the right answer 
Chris Castel: Whenever someone says they browse Reddit but not r/PrequelMemes
Chris Castel: null
Jacob Babbitt: My 16 year old sister posted this on snapchat today
Matthew McDevitt: Gooodddd.... 
Jacob Babbitt: I have taught her well
Matthew McDevitt: So everyone free for dinner at 6 
Chris Castel: Oops...
Matthew McDevitt: Scrub 
Chris Castel: Have I ever mentioned that the lead singer of Enter Shikari is also a classically-trained trumpet player? @Jacob Babbitt 
Chris Castel: They just mic'ed his trumpet, which is why I'm reminded of this
Chris Castel: Also this was like 40 minutes ago help I'm overwhelmed
Matthew McDevitt: Nice 
Chris Castel: Call me scrublord
Chris Castel: This essay is due MONDAY and I've been writing it all morning
Matthew McDevitt: For what class? 
Chris Castel: The one I said I had to write on John Locke for my Honors class
Matthew McDevitt: Nice
Chris Castel: The one I was freaking about because I'd have no time Thursday to do it
Chris Castel: Ugh
Jacob Babbitt: Scrublord
Chris Castel: I was waiting for it
Jacob Babbitt: Created new poll 'Is Chris a scrublord': https://s.groupme.com/3DXX6j
GroupMe: Poll 'Is Chris a scrublord' has expired
Chris Castel: Bill said they're moving the Valentine's Dinner so Sophomore Day Out is all clear for February 10
Chris Castel: Lol I did a thing for Freshmanpalooza 2018
Chris Castel: null
Chris Castel: Apparently The Last Jedi is not making the money Disney thought it would. Declining in sales faster than any of the prequels I've been told. Will look more into this later.
Chris Castel: GETTING WORK DONE YEET.
Chris Castel: Finally emailed the head of event services, as well as Dr. Byrne.
Chris Castel: Just three other drafted emails to finish and send
Chris Castel: Whooooooo FOCUS lunch of one
Jacob Babbitt: I’ll be there in a few
Jacob Babbitt: Calm down
Chris Castel: RAHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Chris Castel: Very tactical move, Lucasfilm...
Chris Castel: Also anyone down to just go write PL at Frass later?
Jacob Babbitt: When is later
Chris Castel: After dinner. 6ish.
Jacob Babbitt: And then come back for bible study?
Chris Castel: Uhhhh oops forgot that was a thing
Chris Castel: Isn't Bible study at 7:30?
Jacob Babbitt: Indeed
Chris Castel: null
Jacob Babbitt: Well
Jacob Babbitt: Bordiuk never told me that
Jacob Babbitt: But I wanted to go to that anyway
Chris Castel: Now ya know
Chris Castel: What talk is this...?
Jacob Babbitt: Check Peter’s Catholic Friends
Chris Castel: Ugggh GroupMe why are you like this
Jacob Babbitt: Coughsandroidcough 
Chris Castel: You should have been in our International Business class today. Right @Matthew McDevitt 
Chris Castel: Katie sucked the social energy out of me for the day I don't wanna eat dinner with anyonnnnne
Chris Castel: Update: dinner went very well actually lol
Matthew McDevitt: “No social energy” 
Chris Castel: Sometimes you juat gotta push out your comfort zone Matthew. Like going to bed after 10 pm.
Chris Castel: null
Chris Castel: I'm working really hard on Zach Sheinfeld guys. Pray for him.
Chris Castel: I sense a trap
Chris Castel: Dinner lads?
Chris Castel: Beautiful Jacob
Matthew McDevitt: RIP 
Chris Castel: I'm going to see my great uncle at Gethsemani over spring break! I'm very excited!
Chris Castel: He just emailed me back to confirm!
Chris Castel: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cql5JYKeTjU
Chris Castel: YEEEEEEEEEEEE
Matthew McDevitt: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rCB8DUGpYQQ
Chris Castel: null