Tattletale: They've been catching roaches and stink bugs attempting to invade so I'm fine with them
Tech: I mean the basement is bad 
Berry Hill PD: $189 isn't too bad between the 3 of us
Tech: Sure 
Tech: That works for me 
Berry Hill PD: I don't exactly know the average rate for exterminators but it feels worth it to me
Tattletale: It's definitely lower range
Tattletale: I have opinions about killing spiders given their ecological role in controlling bugs. There's a litany of scientific journalism about it but I will not force that upon you if you want to get rid of the spiders.
Tattletale: However if they bother you that much I can also propose just removing them myself and placing them outside
Tech: Ok that works for men
Berry Hill PD: Men? Men are weak
Tech: Lol me*
Tech: It's time for a rewatch 
Tattletale: @GroupMe Support how do I like a message more than once
Tech: Mmm..... Wings and lord of the rings 
Tattletale: ...Lord of the Wings
Tech: I'm getting drinks with Isaac tonight. You guys are welcome to join if you want. 
Tattletale: Can I get apple juice
Tech: I guess we are going to the taproom on 12th 
Tattletale: Awwwwwww yeah
Tattletale: What time
Tech: Not sure yet 
Tattletale: null
Tech: 6:30 is when we are going 
Tattletale: null
Tattletale: I'll probably just eat there then
Tech: GET BACK TO WORK!!!! @Tattletale 
Tattletale: Lunch break u turd
Tattletale: Free foodz ;)
Tattletale: null
Tech: @Berry Hill PD You should come tonight
Tattletale: They have food too
Tattletale: I'm craving American fare for once in my life tbh 
Tech: @Tattletale We might have to wake up @Berry Hill PD 
Tattletale: Alright get my bass
Tattletale: Karaoke of All the Small Things you and me
Berry Hill PD: I’m okay guys thanks though
Tech: Oh come on 
Tattletale: :(
Tattletale: Be present at the table @Tech 
Tech: @Tattletale 
Tattletale: Oh nooooo
Berry Hill PD: Are y’all free Saturday or Sunday night this week? Wanting to do Lord of the Wings
Tattletale: Saturday I am
Berry Hill PD: Hmmm
Tech: I'm free Saturday 
Berry Hill PD: HMMM
Tattletale: HMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM
Tattletale: Oh wait I have plans Saturday night
Tech: @Tattletale 
Tattletale: Kiss my butt u commie
Tech: What are you doing Saturday night? 
Tattletale: Going to a ball with Miranda 
Tattletale: Cuz we fancie
Tech: St Luke’s ball Two Joseph strikes back 
Tattletale: Absolutley not
Tattletale: No DiPaolo conniving involved 
Tattletale: Also @Tech admitted he thought prog metal sounded good last night I want this on the records 
Tattletale: So a scammer somehow found my brand new email and sent me an email pretending to be my boss and asked if I "had time to meet"
Tattletale: So naturally being the overwhelmed new guy I didn't read where it came from and immediately walked to his office and said "yeah I have time to meet" which launched an investigatory inquiry into this email
Berry Hill PD: Nice
Tech: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=8Q2oTKLjlOY
Tattletale: You are in charge of showing them to the attic crawl space @Tech ok?
Berry Hill PD: Guess who woke up at 4 and drove to Publix but isn’t scheduled until 1 PM
Tattletale: Ummm
Tattletale: Matthew
Berry Hill PD: Close
Tattletale: Sean McDevitt
Tech: So we don't know when pest control is coming great 
Tech: @Tattletale 
Tattletale: No
Tattletale: They're calling me when they're coming
Tattletale: @Tech @Berry Hill PD pest control guy is coming in 30 to 45 min
Tattletale: Can y'all show him up to the storage closet upstairs and that crawl space access?
Tech: I'm not home I'm getting breakfast with my mom @Berry Hill PD is home 
Tattletale: Aye you awake Jacob?
Tattletale: Oh boy
Tattletale: I guess I'll have to call him
Tattletale: Welp I guess you'll wake up when he rings the doorbell @Berry Hill PD sorry man I tried
Berry Hill PD: I’m up I’m up
Tattletale: Yay!
Tattletale: Say some prayers for Miranda's dad, he fell down the stairs and broke his nose and foot. He's in a lot of pain.
Tattletale: So my new theory is that our gutters might have started the roach infestation. That would explain how they wound up in the basement and the attic.
Tattletale: So if the pest control guy says we need to clean them I think that moves to top priority 
Tattletale: Agreed?
Berry Hill PD: Sure
Tattletale: My first workplace decoration
Tattletale: null
Tattletale: I'm redrawing it because I'm not happy with the mouth which is probably not surprising to y'all 
Tattletale: Anyway when do we wanna have Nolan and Freddy over?
Tech: I don’t care when just let me know 
Tattletale: @Berry Hill PD 👀👀
Tattletale: Update
Berry Hill PD: https://v.groupme.com/30437902/2021-11-13T00:49:51Z/1d70e687.1920x1080r90.mp4
Tattletale: Smh no armor plates 
Tattletale: Poser
Tattletale: A crawly friend escaped persecution
Tattletale: Literally was on a call with Joey to tell him we got an exterminator when he popped up
Berry Hill PD: @Tattletale The only days I’m working in the evenings as of right now are Saturday the 20th and Wednesday the 24th
Berry Hill PD: To try to have Nolan and Freddy