chaos elmo: I mean I don’t really care if extend for May I always have the fall back of living with my parents for a little bit if needed. 
The Memeless One: Right. So I guess it's all a matter of what @Habitual Stew Consumer decides
chaos elmo: @Habitual Stew Consumer I can also work for Publix!!!!! 
The Memeless One: Hahahaha 
chaos elmo: Honestly I meet all of their qualifications￼ I might apply for the memes 
chaos elmo: Got to get my hands on that sweet Publix stock 
Habitual Stew Consumer: No you won’t be my boss @chaos elmo 
Habitual Stew Consumer: No stock for you
chaos elmo: $$$$$$$$
Habitual Stew Consumer: 😳
Habitual Stew Consumer: This isn’t as good of a meme as you working for Team Liquid
Habitual Stew Consumer: I liked that meme better
chaos elmo: Yeah but liquid wouldn’t pay this well 
Habitual Stew Consumer: But you’d be a lot cooler if you worked for Liquid
The Memeless One: Bro people complain about The Return of the King movie having too many endings 
The Memeless One: They should read the book lol
chaos elmo: @The Memeless One I don’t know if I can make it Jacob, Maria, Sarah, Jospeh and me are all going to cookout that day and it’s been on the books forever but I will see what I can do. 
Habitual Stew Consumer: Wedding celebration?
Habitual Stew Consumer: How do I know if it’s a mass or not????
chaos elmo: Rrrrreeeeee
Habitual Stew Consumer: If it’s just a celebration there had better be lots of guitars and drums and strobe lights
The Memeless One: Can anyone get me from Firestone on Charlotte when I drop my car off
chaos elmo: What time 
The Memeless One: Like 530ish
chaos elmo: Sure I can pick you up 
chaos elmo: No Sarah at adoration 
GroupMe: Habitual Stew Consumer changed name to Dear Maria count me in
Dear Maria count me in: What does “survey the property” mean
Dear Maria count me in: In the email
The Memeless One: It means check for damage
Dear Maria count me in: Oh no not my hole in the wall
The Memeless One: I'm gonna tell her any day will work unless there are objections and then ask about the extension
chaos elmo: That works
Dear Maria count me in: Sure
The Memeless One: That means we probably need to get the smoke detectors in working condition lol
Dear Maria count me in: GG Sauron no re
The Memeless One: Get to the appendices already I need a comrade in this battle 
Dear Maria count me in: No U
The Memeless One: Ow
The Memeless One: That burned more than Mt Doom did to Smeagol
chaos elmo: Soldier voice nnnnoooo￼
The Memeless One: LUL
The Memeless One: Send em the thirsty boiz
Dear Maria count me in: At least we’re striking out fast @chaos elmo 
Dear Maria count me in: Uh oh Shelly confused
Dear Maria count me in: She did not carefully read the email
The Memeless One: I will respond
Dear Maria count me in: You’re a gentleman and a scholar @The Memeless One
Dear Maria count me in: @The Memeless One You should invite Shelly to the wedding
The Memeless One: Lol
The Memeless One: "Shootout to my landlord in the back who left us with mold and gnats for 6 months"
Dear Maria count me in: OOF
The Memeless One: Fair? Have I spoken out of turn for anyone?
Dear Maria count me in: Fair for me
chaos elmo: Green light 
Dear Maria count me in: *future wife
Dear Maria count me in: Lol
The Memeless One: Ok bro
The Memeless One: Maybe I should name drop your future wife 
Dear Maria count me in: OOF
The Memeless One: I count her in how bow dat
The Memeless One: I can see what's happening 
The Memeless One: And Matthew doesn't have a clue
The Memeless One: Jacob and Maria will fall in love and here's the bottom line
Dear Maria count me in: What’s the bottom line Chris
The Memeless One: Matthew will say adieu
The Memeless One: *insert lonely Hispanic man standing in locations*
Dear Maria count me in: Pablo Escobar?
The Memeless One: Sure idk
chaos elmo: OOOFFF
GroupMe: chaos elmo changed name to Pablo Escobar
The Memeless One: Matthew: "Alexa play All By Myself by Celine Dion"
Dear Maria count me in: You’re no match for him he’s a drug lord!
The Memeless One: Also Matthew: "Alexa is Ukraine still a sovereign state?"
Dear Maria count me in: Matthew: *sad communist noises*
Pablo Escobar: :( 
The Memeless One: A NEW POWER IS RISING IN EASTERN UKRAINE
Dear Maria count me in: Shelly really ignoring our lease extend request
The Memeless One: What the heck Shelly
The Memeless One: Dont make me come to Browning-Gordon's office
Dear Maria count me in: Use your anger
Dear Maria count me in: It gives you focus
Dear Maria count me in: Makes you stronger
The Memeless One: Matthew needs to just jump in and be like bro
The Memeless One: I try to play patty cake too much
Dear Maria count me in: You’ve done well
Dear Maria count me in: @Pablo Escobar Let us know if there are any sightings 
The Memeless One: 👀👀👀👀👀
Dear Maria count me in: He goes into the west (Nashville)
Dear Maria count me in: Across Charlotte Ave
Dear Maria count me in: To St Ann’s 
The Memeless One: Is the fair lady of Lothlórien there Matthew? We are eager to hear.
Dear Maria count me in: From the plains of Auburn
Dear Maria count me in: He will dwell there with her until the end of his days
The Memeless One: Hmmmm
The Memeless One: Matthew will diminish and go into the communist East
The Memeless One: i.e. Amsterdam
Dear Maria count me in: Across the sea. A hammer and sickle rises. Why do the pot heads call??
Pablo Escobar: Sarah was at adoration 
The Memeless One: AIIIYYEYEEEEEEEEE