Major Armstrong: Also are we ready for these people to be here? I don’t think they’ll come in but still
奈良シカマル: I think we're good
奈良シカマル: I was gonna ask about dinner too
奈良シカマル: Smiling is open tomorrow 👀
奈良シカマル: null
Tech: I finally got promoted￼
Tech: null
奈良シカマル: HECK
奈良シカマル: HECK
Tech: What is this 
奈良シカマル: THat
奈良シカマル: Is an email back from that interview asking me to do a test that they have paid for the access code to for me
Tech: Are we almost ready to go 
奈良シカマル: Yuh
Tech: Let’s go 
Tech: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jPsO2NpTb00
Tech: null
Major Armstrong: Someone get the olive oil and balsamic ready
奈良シカマル: Awwwww yeeeah
Tech: null
Major Armstrong: @Tech Should we wait for you to get home to watch bad batch or nah
Tech: Nah I got my disappointment over with this morning  
奈良シカマル: OOF
Tech: Heads up Carly Rupp will be coming to our house on Wednesday. 
奈良シカマル: Wat
Tech: Why not 
Tech: Does anyone want to go get dinner somewhere 
Major Armstrong: I suppose I could
Tech: @奈良シカマル ?
奈良シカマル: Mmmmm
奈良シカマル: I should eat what I have 
Tech: Nah 
Tech: One night with the boys 
Tech: @Major Armstrong I’m feeling edley's bar-b-que
Major Armstrong: Sounds good
Tech: Gggggoooooodddd
Major Armstrong: We must move quickly. The weekend crowds are relentless
Tech: Last call @奈良シカマル 
GroupMe: Major Armstrong changed name to Paarthurnax
Paarthurnax: Krosis
Tech: null
奈良シカマル: For real
GroupMe: 奈良シカマル changed name to J'zargo the Great
J'zargo the Great: Walking? We got parks for that
J'zargo the Great: Also
J'zargo the Great: J'zargo has heard of the Staff of Magnus. When you are done with it, perhaps you will allow J'zargo to...borrow it?
Paarthurnax: @Tech What’s the plan with Carly for tomorrow?
Tech: She will come over hang out then if she wants to go get dinner we can all do that. But I'm not planning on cooking anything 
J'zargo the Great: Hmmm
J'zargo the Great: Clean we must 
J'zargo the Great: @basement cardboard 
J'zargo the Great: What time @Tech 
Tech: At 5 
Tech: Tomorrow 
J'zargo the Great: null
Tech: null
Paarthurnax: I return bearing much gluten
Paarthurnax: Something offer Carly just in case
Paarthurnax: A little appetizer, perhaps
Paarthurnax: Or not, up to y’all
Tech: Sure
J'zargo the Great: What if we just have you lay across the table
Paarthurnax: Unchaste
J'zargo the Great: mmm...
J'zargo the Great: laundry...
J'zargo the Great: Pls I would like to do my laundry now so I don't have to stay up and do it after we're done with Carly
J'zargo the Great: J'zargo begs you
Tech: It be down 
J'zargo the Great: J'zargo is ready for more adventure 
Tech: Washer is clear @J'zargo the Great 
Tech: null
Tech: @Paarthurnax  I pull a big OOOOFFF Carly is coming next week not this week that's my bad bois 
J'zargo the Great: null
Paarthurnax: I see no cow
Paarthurnax: I’ve never been angrier in my life
Paarthurnax: I drove all the way out here
Paarthurnax: To see a man in a cow suit
Paarthurnax: And he is nowhere to be seen
Tech: I
Tech: null
Paarthurnax: I hate it here
Paarthurnax: Why am I here
Paarthurnax: I’ve never been jebaited so hard in my life
Tech: null
Paarthurnax: @J'zargo the Great 
Paarthurnax: AND GOT MY ORDER WRONG WHAT THE HELL
J'zargo the Great: They said the owner gave it the axe because it was too hot
J'zargo the Great: Something about guests thinking we were mistreated
J'zargo the Great: Ironic
Tech: Sad batch time? 
J'zargo the Great: At this point you're the only one who thinks that Matthew lol
J'zargo the Great: The last one wasn't as bad as you cracked it up to be in fact it was pretty good 
Tech: You are right the last episode wasn't as bad 
Tech: But we will see how it ends 
J'zargo the Great: Give me a sec
J'zargo the Great: Where are the boyos tho
Tech: Is anyone else going to this party that Joseph invited us too or am I riding solo? 
Paarthurnax: I’m not going
J'zargo the Great: That's a no from me dog
J'zargo the Great: Lol such relatable content