Resident Tolkienist: @Thayne Harris
Resident Tolkienist: Or better yet @Vladimir Putin
Ok: Groupme is being dumb
Resident Tolkienist: It's the Russians man
Ok: They know @Lord chaos elmo is the real threat to their cybersecurity
Resident Tolkienist: Honestly only half joking they probably could be attacking our infrastructure
Ok: Just got off the phone with Father Victor
Ok: I think it went really well
Resident Tolkienist: Awww yeah
Resident Tolkienist: Required as part of your field report tonight
Ok: Shelly sent us an email
Resident Tolkienist: I WANT DAVID NOT SHELLY 
Ok: Since Shelly is Catholic can she be invited to the wedding?
Ok: I know I already suggested it but now that we know she’s Catholic it changes everything
Resident Tolkienist: Lol stahp
Resident Tolkienist: Ok y'all ready?
Resident Tolkienist: I have a creation to share
Resident Tolkienist: Thoughts?
Resident Tolkienist: Wait y'all probably can't see the colors lol
Ok: Solid
Resident Tolkienist: awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww yeah
Resident Tolkienist: null
Resident Tolkienist: Y'all could always see if Will Braeuner is interested in rooming since he's around town and trying to figure out career stuff
Resident Tolkienist: Just my late night thought before retiring
Resident Tolkienist: "What if the Bordiuk baby comes out with Bordiuk's head and hairline?"
GroupMe: Poll 'Start time for St. Joseph Party' has expired
Lord chaos elmo: null
Resident Tolkienist: I should have never put maybe
Resident Tolkienist: This is a dating sim
Resident Tolkienist: Literally only 5 people said they wanted to be in gender-exclusive groups
Resident Tolkienist: I'm not gonna be in a 2-person group this is dumb
Ok: \ o /
Lord chaos elmo: Lead the mens group Chris The Triumvirate must take control of the st Ann’s young adults. Or it will be frat Catholics without end. 
Resident Tolkienist: "Control of St Ann young adults"
Resident Tolkienist: *literally just one guy*
Lord chaos elmo: Lol
Lord chaos elmo: Why didnt you go to married group silly 
Resident Tolkienist: Just coed and gender-exclusive
Resident Tolkienist: Because there was no "married group" option
Resident Tolkienist: And I didn't want to be a married couple in a group full of thirsty young adults
Resident Tolkienist: Thanks for putting my messages out of order Putin
Lord chaos elmo: I wonder who the other guy is in the mens group 
Resident Tolkienist: McCloskey
Resident Tolkienist: Lol
Lord chaos elmo: Should I lead a small group hhhmmm
 
Resident Tolkienist: Do it we need more chaos \ o /
Lord chaos elmo: Told David I can be a small group leader 
Lord chaos elmo: What have I done  \ o /
Ok: Just like Exodus boys. We form our own St Ann’s small group 
Ok: Execute Order 66
Ok: \ o /
Lord chaos elmo: small groups haven’t even started and @Ok is already succeeding￼ 
Ok: @Lord chaos elmo Should’ve gone to summer projects and you wouldn’t have to play St Ann’s Dating Simulator
Resident Tolkienist: Yikes @Lord chaos elmo 
Resident Tolkienist: Miranda did not like that 
Lord chaos elmo: It’s a joke of course 
Lord chaos elmo: If she wants to meme on my love life I will throw heat 
Resident Tolkienist: Yeah ok
Lord chaos elmo: Oh no now Chris and Miranda are coming for my hams. 
Lord chaos elmo: Time to hid 
Ok: Worth it @Lord chaos elmo 
Resident Tolkienist: No.
Resident Tolkienist: Don't cross boundaries.
Lord chaos elmo: Joseph sent this to me and Isaac 
Ok: OOF
Resident Tolkienist: Yikes
Ok: I like how he’s sticking his tongue out at the end
Resident Tolkienist: Why does Legolas have lipstick 
Resident Tolkienist: FTFY
Resident Tolkienist: I am also fully aware of how doing that is perfectly in-character for my GroupMe name lol
Lord chaos elmo: I’m confirmed a small group leader 
Lord chaos elmo: \ o /
Resident Tolkienist: \ o /
Ok: \ o /
Resident Tolkienist: Chaos prevails
Lord chaos elmo: Let’s see how far it goes 
Lord chaos elmo: Plot twist I’m leading the married couples group lol 
Resident Tolkienist: Fr Dexter I'm interested in CTK young adults 
Lord chaos elmo: Man I’m going to have rain in some thirsty boys aren’t I 
Lord chaos elmo: Our first small group we will be going over emotional chastity 
Resident Tolkienist: GOOOOD MATTHEW GOOD
Resident Tolkienist: All the while flirting on the side with Sarah
Lord chaos elmo: The Ash Wednesday gospel really hits hard this year  
Ok: Any good memes from the 11?
Resident Tolkienist: The beloved was not there
Lord chaos elmo: It’s just me and one other guy 
Lord chaos elmo: I’m the oldest in the group 
Resident Tolkienist: NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Ok: What
Lord chaos elmo: 2 mens 5 women = my small group 
Resident Tolkienist: Oh you made it sound like it was a 2 person group
Ok: Sarah is younger than you the meme lives on for now
Resident Tolkienist: Matthew just told me 
Resident Tolkienist: There was never much hope. Just a fool's hope.
Lord chaos elmo: You are going to miss gummy@Resident Tolkienist !!! 
Resident Tolkienist: I'm being nice to the Great Mouth
Resident Tolkienist: Went to dinner
Lord chaos elmo: NNNNOOOO
Resident Tolkienist: Your dinner is tomorrow right @Lord chaos elmo 
Lord chaos elmo: The dinner is tonight where all things will be revealed. Pray for my group. 