Joseph DiPaolo: What if ice cream had eyes?
Trumpet 1 in C: Is it Isaac’s birthday?
Strider: thats what facebook says
Joseph DiPaolo: Classic Facebook
Joseph DiPaolo: His mom posted so I'd say that's reliable
Joseph DiPaolo: Wait Isaac have a blog 
Joseph DiPaolo: Has*
Trumpet 1 in C: I’M ON A MISSION FROM GOD
Trumpet 1 in C: to wish Isaac a happy birthday
Joseph DiPaolo: GroupMe added Skype integration
Joseph DiPaolo: HMMMM
Joseph DiPaolo: We're in the endgame now
Joseph DiPaolo: Liturgically and I believe in terms of COVID-19
Joseph DiPaolo: You have got to be kidding me...
Strider: null
Joseph DiPaolo: I'm so incredibly salty that he ends the email with "have a blessed Easter"
Strider: Man I miss everyone from bcc 
Strider: The good old days 
Joseph DiPaolo: You boys doing anything Thursday night? 
Strider: Hold on let me check my calendar 
Strider: Well it looks like im free until this virus is done 
Joseph DiPaolo: Lol
Joseph DiPaolo: @Trumpet 1 in C ?
Trumpet 1 in C: Thursday? Ummm probably not
Joseph DiPaolo: This man always missing the video calls
Strider: F 
Trumpet 1 in C: ?
Trumpet 1 in C: I said I probably wasn’t doing anything
Joseph DiPaolo: Oh
Joseph DiPaolo: I see now
Joseph DiPaolo: Cool well come to the BCC Zoom call then
Strider: What BCC era?  
Trumpet 1 in C: Thursday the 16th?
Trumpet 1 in C: Lol @Strider 
Joseph DiPaolo: Yes
Joseph DiPaolo: The era from after last graduating class to now
Strider: Lol I had to ask 
Joseph DiPaolo: Y'all can also watch The Passion with us tonight
Trumpet 1 in C: Oof
Joseph DiPaolo: Wait I think Jacob gets queasy though isn't that you that said that
Trumpet 1 in C: Yeah I won’t make it through
Trumpet 1 in C: I pass out watching the drama at awakening
Joseph DiPaolo: Lol
Trumpet 1 in C: Yeah watching the passion wouldn’t be good for me
Joseph DiPaolo: Join us
Trumpet 1 in C: Sir
Joseph DiPaolo: I wanna see you pass out 
Trumpet 1 in C: 😐
Trumpet 1 in C: No u 
Joseph DiPaolo: Good meme
Joseph DiPaolo: Do a Wilhelm scream as you collapse
Strider: Lol
Trumpet 1 in C: Screw you @Strider you’re supposed to be on my side
Joseph DiPaolo: Jacob be like
Trumpet 1 in C: Don’t laugh at my passing out
Trumpet 1 in C: That’s literally what I did at awakening multiple times
Strider: I just want good memes @Trumpet 1 in C 
Trumpet 1 in C: In 7th grade we watched a movie and I passed out and as I went down I got my head on a locker
Trumpet 1 in C: Hit*
Joseph DiPaolo: null
Trumpet 1 in C: First time I passed out was watching a movie in 2nd grade
Strider: Ooff 
Trumpet 1 in C: Reading books that are particularly graphic have made me pass out
Trumpet 1 in C: Which is about as exciting as it sounds
Trumpet 1 in C: Literally me just sitting there reading and then down goes Frazier
Strider: That sucks 
Joseph DiPaolo: Last one I swear
Strider: Big HR meeting time to find some dank memes 
Joseph DiPaolo: Christian publishing label lets me have off for the Triduum not sure if I can go back to the regular industry
Joseph DiPaolo: Working during the Triduum sounds not fun
Strider: how has the punishing been effective by the virus?
Strider: @Joseph DiPaolo 
Joseph DiPaolo: Wait what
Strider: Publishing* 
Strider: Lol
Joseph DiPaolo: Ok that makes more sense
Joseph DiPaolo: The recording industry is pretty much at a halt so basically all our work right now is making all of our catalog info accurate and pitching songs for TV and commericals
Joseph DiPaolo: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a6Hk2L2G_W0
Joseph DiPaolo: Good old Randy Newman
Strider: null
Joseph DiPaolo: Whoa whoa whoa
Joseph DiPaolo: Where did that come from
Strider: Just a funny meme I found 
Joseph DiPaolo: FUNNY...JOKE!
Joseph DiPaolo: "Did Jesus wear a yarmulke? You should ask Jacob and see what he thinks" - Miranda
Joseph DiPaolo: @Trumpet 1 in C 
Trumpet 1 in C: Ummm
Trumpet 1 in C: No?
Joseph DiPaolo: "Peter was wearing a yarmulke in The Passion"
Trumpet 1 in C: Why does my opinion matter? Lol
Joseph DiPaolo: "Why wouldn't it matter"
Trumpet 1 in C: 😑
Joseph DiPaolo: "If he's going to Israel he should know."
Joseph DiPaolo: Lol you know you did a good job when Jacob sends an ellipses
Joseph DiPaolo: null
Joseph DiPaolo: @Trumpet 1 in C 
Trumpet 1 in C: Yeahhhhh I guess so
Trumpet 1 in C: Sure
Trumpet 1 in C: Should we just make a group chat for you me and Miranda lol
Trumpet 1 in C: Because I feel like this is an inefficient form of communication