Figuratively Jesus Christ: Lol we’re in the same class
Everybody Is Good: Yo this is not okay
Everybody Is Good: This ticks me off
The Godfather: Yeah 
The Godfather: Aren’t a lot of then rehearsing the drama tonight? 
The Godfather: Them*
Figuratively Jesus Christ: Not a lot, just me and the apostles
The Godfather: And who put Thomas in charge of cook staff?
Everybody Is Good: Literally no one else would take it
The Godfather: RIP
Everybody Is Good: Joke's on him most of the people with cars are busy
Everybody Is Good: Also Thomas probably overexaggerated everything to Kalin
The Godfather: Oh Thomas we are just going to just  going to be eat deep fried raccoon that he killed with a dictionary. On main site. 
The Godfather: * Oh Thomas we are just going to be eating deep fried raccoon that he killed with a dictionary. On main site. 
Figuratively Jesus Christ: Where’s the email @Everybody Is Good 
The Godfather: Same the memers demand satisfaction
Everybody Is Good: Crap
Everybody Is Good: I have to get back to my room first
Everybody Is Good: Have your email
Figuratively Jesus Christ: Needs more memes
Everybody Is Good: That's all you get
Figuratively Jesus Christ: Boooo
The Godfather: Lol my emails are danker 
Everybody Is Good: My memes are too niche or complicated for the common peasants
Figuratively Jesus Christ: If y’all start fighting again I’ll send Spider-Man 
Everybody Is Good: I hope you enjoyed how much space I took up to call out Ben
Everybody Is Good: Get him to read it now
Everybody Is Good: Get off my spreadsheet Babbitt
The Godfather: Hey it’s a free country 
Figuratively Jesus Christ: Don’t tell me how to live my life
Figuratively Jesus Christ: I’ll go and start a third drivers spreadsheet 
Everybody Is Good: Oof
Everybody Is Good: I think you'd probably tick Matthew off more
Figuratively Jesus Christ: Y’all we had our first rehearsal tonight
Figuratively Jesus Christ: It’s starting to set in
Everybody Is Good: Awakening is upon us
Everybody Is Good: TWELVE HOURS I TOOK TO SEND THIS EMAIL AND IT HAD A TYPO
Figuratively Jesus Christ: Nice
Figuratively Jesus Christ: Wait where’s the typo
Everybody Is Good: Point four
Figuratively Jesus Christ: I don’t see it
Figuratively Jesus Christ: Two more sleeps until Awakening boiiiiiiiiiii
Figuratively Jesus Christ: Geez Matthew lol
The Godfather: Masterpiece 
Everybody Is Good: Wow
Figuratively Jesus Christ: Too much Drake not enough Star Wars
The Godfather: 3 Star Wars memes 
Figuratively Jesus Christ: I need them within the email Matthew
The Godfather: You can’t always get what you want 
Figuratively Jesus Christ: Matthew I am figuratively Jesus
The Godfather: Are you threatening me figuratively Jesus 
Figuratively Jesus Christ: Also thank you for putting the one true carpool list along with the one true packing lis
Figuratively Jesus Christ: You get to live another day
The Godfather: did you like my towel comment
Everybody Is Good: I chuckled
Everybody Is Good: FRESHMEN UGGGGGGGGGH
Everybody Is Good: Ruining everything 
The Godfather: What?
Everybody Is Good: I had a plan. Sofia's friend Shelby ruined it and Miranda made the DTR move.
Figuratively Jesus Christ: Shoot
Everybody Is Good: Gossipmongers
Everybody Is Good: I'm upset freshmen gossiping disrespect
The Godfather: Lol
Figuratively Jesus Christ: DDF @Everybody Is Good 
Everybody Is Good: Wut
Figuratively Jesus Christ: Wow
Figuratively Jesus Christ: I’m surprised you’ve never heard this Bryce Matthew-ism
Everybody Is Good: Oh I know this
The Godfather: We are YEETING Nigel to Awakening 
The Godfather: I don’t care if he has the plague
Everybody Is Good: Is it Brenton's birthday today? Sources say yes but I thought it was tomorrow.
Figuratively Jesus Christ: I don’t know @Everybody Is Good 
Everybody Is Good: Apparently it is 
Figuratively Jesus Christ: 😏
The Godfather: Jacob: I AM THE SGA! 
The Godfather: David needs to stop spamming BCC
Everybody Is Good: The convo is today at least
Everybody Is Good: Have a giggle
Figuratively Jesus Christ: One more sleep boys let’s gooooooooo
Figuratively Jesus Christ: That’s what the body wants
Everybody Is Good: @The Godfather 
The Godfather: Why? 
Everybody Is Good: Let's get the flu together again Matthew
The Godfather: Hell no 
Everybody Is Good: Too much?
Everybody Is Good: may not* oof
Figuratively Jesus Christ: Yeah I was about to say lol
Everybody Is Good: I guess you're finding out early surprise guys
Everybody Is Good: Another Belmont down
The Godfather: RIP
Figuratively Jesus Christ: RIP
The Godfather: they are dropping like flies
The Godfather: Bob cries everytime
Figuratively Jesus Christ: Except literally no one cares
Figuratively Jesus Christ: They just want your money
Everybody Is Good: F
The Godfather: College for profit what a great system what could go wrong
The Godfather: I wonder how awkward I can be as I call retreaters
Figuratively Jesus Christ: Retreater: hello?
Matthew: hello there!
Retreater: ???
Matthew: I’m calling to tell you you’re no longer on this retreat. I’m sorry sir, it’s time for you to leave
The Godfather: When they say they have the Flu