BT 7274: Are we ever going to talk about how Isaac has crushed the mask myth or whatever but is also requiring all of his wedding guests to wear masks?
I Make Matthew Day Drink: Lol
Chris can't drive: lol
Chris can't drive: null
Chris can't drive: He could save others from the tyranny of wearing a mask but not himself.
Chris can't drive: Did you ever hear the Tragedy of Isaac Gillen the conservative? I thought not. It’s not a story the radical left-wing media would tell you. He was a conservative so wise and powerful he could make a global pandemic go away. He had such knowledge of right-wing media he could own liberals on Facebook. He could even keep others he loves from wearing face masks. The conservative ideology is a pathway to may idea some consider to be wrong.  He had become so powerful that the only thing that he was afraid of was losing his right to not wear a mask, which eventually of course he did. Unfortunately, he had his wedding during a pandemic mandating that everyone wear a mask at his wedding. It’s ironic he could save others from wearing a mask but not himself.
BT 7274: Lol
Chris can't drive: null
BT 7274: Lol
Chris can't drive: part of me wants to send the meme to Isaac but I don't know if he would be offended or not
I Make Matthew Day Drink: Sometimes I don't understand how they work
Chris can't drive: Same they seem to be on opposite ends politically 
BT 7274: Don’t send to Isaac IMO @Chris can't drive 
Chris can't drive: after the wedding thats the play
Chris can't drive: null
BT 7274: Lol but what if they actually play it @Chris can't drive 
BT 7274: You have to “get out on the dance floor”
BT 7274: Isaac will call your bluff
Chris can't drive: Lol the three of us will reenact the dual on the dance floor
Chris can't drive: duel*
BT 7274: Lol
I Make Matthew Day Drink: Matthew you can be Maul but only if you scream "KENNNOOOOBIIIIII"
Chris can't drive: LOL
I Make Matthew Day Drink: Interesting 
BT 7274: null
Chris can't drive: Lol bring your lightsabers boys 
I Make Matthew Day Drink: Well if that's the case 
I Make Matthew Day Drink: We can get this as a birthday present for @BT 7274 
BT 7274: Bruh
BT 7274: I will take
I Make Matthew Day Drink: Duly noted
BT 7274: @I Make Matthew Day Drink 
BT 7274: null
BT 7274: Just read Merton’s baptism in the Seven Storey Mountain
BT 7274: And it was a big, big Yeet
I Make Matthew Day Drink: I just found the most incredible program @BT 7274 
I Make Matthew Day Drink: LOOK at how many themes there are in just 7 minutes of film God bless Howard Shore
Chris can't drive: NNNNEEEEEEEERRRRRRRDDDDD!!!!!
I Make Matthew Day Drink: No u
I Make Matthew Day Drink: Go code something
I Make Matthew Day Drink: Heck this score is even cooler than I thought
I Make Matthew Day Drink: I'm concerned about Nolan
Chris can't drive: Why? 
I Make Matthew Day Drink: You know what Rick was saying before. And in the Sinfonian GroupMe he keeps getting quoted as saying some strange things.
BT 7274: Recent quotes?
BT 7274: Wasn’t the thing with Rick freshman year?
Chris can't drive: Yeah it was 
GroupMe: Chris can't drive changed their avatar
GroupMe: Chris can't drive changed name to Ours
I Make Matthew Day Drink: No no I'm talking about other things Rick said Nolan and Freddy were doing
I Make Matthew Day Drink: Also that weed purchase in Chicago he apparently made?
Ours: Do you mean doing drugs?
I Make Matthew Day Drink: And/or worse
Ours: does that surprise you?
BT 7274: Hmm
Ours: Keep in mind I don't know Freddy
GroupMe: I Make Matthew Day Drink changed name to Good Sméagol
GroupMe: Good Sméagol changed their avatar
Good Sméagol:  Always helps
BT 7274: DANGIT missed opportunity to ask for something yesterday because it was my birthday and I wants it
Good Sméagol: The precious is lost
Good Sméagol: null
Ours: null
Ours: null
Good Sméagol: Hahahaha
Good Sméagol: That's a big like
Good Sméagol: Let it be known that on July 18, 2020, around 8:17 PM CST, Matthew McDevitt actually said something positive about my achievement hunting
Good Sméagol: This must be recorded for history 
Good Sméagol: Textbooks will speak of this momentous occasion for years
Ours: null
Good Sméagol: Man is ready to garden
Good Sméagol: @BT 7274 I tried to edumacate Matthew on how Howard Shore's score for LotR is big-brain yesterday as we worked on the sink
BT 7274: Pretty sure he already knew more than he wanted to know
Ours: null
Ours: null
BT 7274: The thing about this is that they do actually complain about how it’s illegal to not wear a seat belt
BT 7274: So at least they’re consistent
BT 7274: Gotta give them credit there
Good Sméagol: Lol
BT 7274: I remember my teachers in high school telling us about how stupid seat belt laws were
Ours: Good old Alabama 
Good Sméagol: null
BT 7274: War Damn America
BT 7274: Where the heck did I get this
BT 7274: null
BT 7274: Keep or donate?
BT 7274: I’m not going to wear it
Good Sméagol:  Bruh wear that 
Good Sméagol: Matthew says I'm a nerd @BT 7274 
BT 7274: Did you buy that
Good Sméagol: Hell yeah 
BT 7274: How much
Good Sméagol: 10 bucks
BT 7274: Too much
Good Sméagol: WHAT
Good Sméagol: For a print of Tolkien's drawing of Middle-Earth?
BT 7274: <$1
Good Sméagol: Out
Good Sméagol: Matthew ban this man 
Good Sméagol: I'll buy you a stonk