Jacob Babbitt: Mew?
Chris Castel: Or Mewtwo and Mew in order
Chris Castel: (Which doesn't make sense but bleh)
Jacob Babbitt: Packing is actually the worst
Chris Castel: Oi
Jacob Babbitt: What's our room number? Lol
Chris Castel: 010
Jacob Babbitt: Matthew are you completely moved in
Matthew McDevitt: Most of my stuff is in the room
Jacob Babbitt: Are you like, unpacked and set up yet?
Matthew McDevitt: No 
Jacob Babbitt: Cool just wondering
Jacob Babbitt: Also, where do we park when we're done unloading
Matthew McDevitt: The people will direct you 
Chris Castel: Yeeee
Jacob Babbitt: @Matthew McDevitt Can you come down to the room please
Matthew McDevitt: Yup
Chris Castel: No
Matthew McDevitt: Where are you Chris 
Chris Castel: Lawn between Curb and Maddox
Jacob Babbitt: @Matthew McDevitt We're sitting on the short walk outside the grand atrium entrance
Chris Castel: What we're right there too lol
Matthew McDevitt: Can Someone just send me their location  
Chris Castel: In a minute 
Chris Castel: I'm literally just on the smaller lawn by Maddox
Chris Castel: It keeps trying to say I'm in Nashville
Chris Castel: With no specific location
Matthew McDevitt: Well I found Jacob 
Chris Castel: I cri
Matthew McDevitt: Every time 
Chris Castel: Where the heck are you guys I'm like in the same place
Matthew McDevitt: null
Chris Castel: Where did you funky monks go
Matthew McDevitt: Back to the room 
Matthew McDevitt: Floor meeting in 30mins 
Chris Castel: Psssssh
Jacob Babbitt: So when they ask where you are what do we tell them
Chris Castel: I already told Chris my situation
Chris Castel: Not me Chris 
Chris Castel: Not Pistrang Chris
Jacob Babbitt: Black Chris
Chris Castel: Not Borduik Chris
Chris Castel: Not Romanowski Chris
Chris Castel: But RA Chris
Jacob Babbitt: Black Chris
Chris Castel: Just standing idly wondering where McBabbitt went
Chris Castel: McDevbit?
Chris Castel: Babvit?
Chris Castel: Babbdevitt?
Chris Castel: McDabbit
Chris Castel: I like that one
Chris Castel: RIP
Chris Castel: I'm about to spend 400 dollars on a CD
Jacob Babbitt: What
Matthew McDevitt: ^
Chris Castel: It's done
Jacob Babbitt: I'm eating an early dinner at Chick fil a if y'all want to join
Matthew McDevitt: When? 
Jacob Babbitt: Now
Matthew McDevitt: Ok I will be there 
Chris Castel: I'm coming from Massey and I'm heckin hungery
Chris Castel: Where is McDabbit at?
Jacob Babbitt: In the curb
Chris Castel: I honestly knew but just wanted an excuse to call you McDabbit
Chris Castel: Lol
Chris Castel: ...I found out when the next Knights meeting is @Jacob Babbitt 
Jacob Babbitt: Yeahhhhh I can't do that lol
Chris Castel: Same
Chris Castel: Bill was not good with communication 
Jacob Babbitt:  The chef's table at the caf today is 9/10 would recommend
Jacob Babbitt: They're also playing bad EDM really loudly so overall experience 6/10
Jacob Babbitt: It's that weird mix of hip hop and EDM that doesn't work
Jacob Babbitt: Hey lads, friendly reminder that y'all still owe me money for the TV. No pressure to do that anytime soon but just reminding y'all
Chris Castel: Today is a preview day. That means the caf is going hard on their food. Great day to eat here. Not as good for working though... :/
Chris Castel: You bois really gonna leave Bordiuk hanging with a box of donuts and no one here?
Jacob Babbitt: I don't like donuts
Chris Castel: That wasn't really the point yo
Matthew McDevitt: Well Jacob is at a concert and I'm studying for a quiz tomorrow 
Jacob Babbitt: I also have a concert I had to attend
Chris Castel: Your verb tenses are confusing matters 
Jacob Babbitt: Yeah they were
Chris Castel: Wow
Chris Castel: The caf really thinks blink-182 was a one-hit wonder lol
Chris Castel: By this logic you might as well call Panic! at the Disco a one-hit wonder because of I Write Sins Not Tragedies
Jacob Babbitt: There are nursing students in the lobby of Russell asking to take people's blood pressure just so you know
Jacob Babbitt: They said I have great blood pressure and that I seem like I'm a very calm and relaxed individual
Chris Castel: I'm so proud of you Jacob
Chris Castel: What was originally just a simple dinner date with Sophie Druffner has turned into me assisting her in buying stuff for the girls slumber party at Frass.
Chris Castel: How do I always wind up in these situations guys lol
Matthew McDevitt: Lol
Jacob Babbitt: Anyone need anything from the bookstore?
Jacob Babbitt: Matthew I got your calculator and your cable. 
Chris Castel: If you guys wanna come with Peter and I are praying a Divine Mercy Chaplet at Frass
Chris Castel: I feel like this should be shared
GroupMe: Chris Castel changed the group's avatar
Chris Castel: Either of you lads know if they sell those plastic book report cover things at the bookstore 
Jacob Babbitt: I don't know
Chris Castel: Update: it does
Chris Castel: Guys I'm at Vandy in the middle of the day.
Chris Castel: I'm becoming Peter being at another school so often.