One encumbered boi: AND WHO ARE THESE 3 CATHOLICS WHO KNOW ABOUT THEM
One encumbered boi: I must speak with them. Immediately.
One encumbered boi: And who teaches this class?
One encumbered boi: I must also speak with them. Immediately.
One encumbered boi: Is it you, Todd Lake??? Are you sabotaging us?
Salty Single Crisp X: Lol 
Salty Single Crisp X: Is this really a class 
One encumbered boi: Yo I got my Awakening R&C letter from Awakening XX yesterday lol
One encumbered boi: It was either that or Awakening XIX
One Howard Shore Boi: Hahaha
One encumbered boi: I was like “I hope you find someone to pray liturgy of the hours with”
One Howard Shore Boi: My entire Honors class hates me now because I basically just politely trashed the Enneagram and Myers-Briggs
One Howard Shore Boi: I am living today
One Howard Shore Boi: Miranda said I'm a contrarian. Am I a contrarian?
Salty Single Crisp X: I’m back in America 😎🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
One encumbered boi: Happy birthday
One encumbered boi: For your birthday, I give you freedom
Salty Single Crisp X: @One encumbered boi That’s a birth right! 
One encumbered boi: And since it’s your birthday that’s what you get
One encumbered boi: Also lol get ignored @One Howard Shore Boi 
One encumbered boi: You’re definitely a contrarian
Salty Single Crisp X: Finally back in Nashville. 
Salty Single Crisp X: BIG YEET
One encumbered boi: Cookout @Salty Single Crisp X?
Salty Single Crisp X: No bed time 
Salty Single Crisp X: My body thinks it 2am 
One encumbered boi: Unlucky
Salty Single Crisp X: I’m one sleepy boi 
One encumbered boi: Go to bed
Salty Single Crisp X: Not yet 
Salty Single Crisp X: I must get home first 
One encumbered boi: Mary Ganser thought Camden was on board
One encumbered boi: WOOF
One encumbered boi: That’d be a trip lol
Salty Single Crisp X: Big  ooff
One encumbered boi:   Not entirely her fault though. I asked her who was on board so I basically made her guess
One encumbered boi: Just a little experiment
One encumbered boi: She’ll be on board eventually though. I think she’d do a good job
One encumbered boi: #Sofía4Prez tho
Salty Single Crisp X: Not yet 
One encumbered boi: Soon though
One encumbered boi: Sooner than she thinks
One encumbered boi: Spring 2020
One encumbered boi: Pray for a good freshmen class of guys though
Salty Single Crisp X: Yeah we need them 
Salty Single Crisp X: I will make a trad out of Peter yet 
One encumbered boi: I want to pray for the men a special way this summer. There’s a 30 day novena of St Joseph. 
One encumbered boi: Or the 54 day rosary novena
Salty Single Crisp X: That St Joseph  novena👌
One encumbered boi: That’s what I was thinking too @Salty Single Crisp X 
Salty Single Crisp X: That’s huge 
One encumbered boi: The 30 days leading up to freshmen move in day?
Salty Single Crisp X: Yes 
One encumbered boi: Ahhhhh yeah we can get Isaac in on this too
Salty Single Crisp X: Yeah I’m sure 
One encumbered boi: And Ben maybe
One encumbered boi: Yo this could be huge
Salty Single Crisp X: Lol 
One Howard Shore Boi: I need prayers friends. Today took a turn real fast.
Salty Single Crisp X: ? 
Salty Single Crisp X: Big YEET a parent just come in and said his son is a trumpet composition major at Boston  conservatory and is transferring to Belmont and is super Catholic  
Salty Single Crisp X: His name Conner Anderson 
One encumbered boi: Wait what
One encumbered boi: Did you give them my phone number
One encumbered boi: If he’s composing at a conservatory why is he transferring here
Salty Single Crisp X: It is done 
Salty Single Crisp X: From what I tell he their was no community and he has be discriminated for his faith at Boston. 
Salty Single Crisp X: Could*
Salty Single Crisp X: “His favorite author is Thomas  Aquinas” his father 
One encumbered boi: Seriously what the heck
One encumbered boi: Literally yesterday we just started talking about praying for men
Salty Single Crisp X: I can sense the trad with in him 
One Howard Shore Boi: BIG
One Howard Shore Boi: YEET
One encumbered boi: So did you meet Connor or just the dad
Salty Single Crisp X: Just the dad 
One encumbered boi: Okay okay
Salty Single Crisp X: null
One Howard Shore Boi: It's getting close to time
Salty Single Crisp X: ???
One Howard Shore Boi: I'm seeing Mumford and Sons tonight
Salty Single Crisp X: Oh I see nice
One Howard Shore Boi: Because Miranda's dad gave her tickets
Salty Single Crisp X: nice
One Howard Shore Boi: I am a third party beneficiary
Salty Single Crisp X: lol
One encumbered boi: Man
One encumbered boi: It’s good to be back in God’s country
One Howard Shore Boi: Ah what enticed you to travel to the great state of Louisiana?
One encumbered boi: Oof
One Howard Shore Boi: When Jesus changes water into wine at the Cana wedding feast
Salty Single Crisp X: Have you ever heard the tragedy of Pope Pius X ? I thought not It’s not a story the modernist Catholics will tell you. It is a trad legend. Pope Pius X was an old pope. So pious and so traditionalist that he could use his abilities to create.... saints. He had such knowledge of Catholic tradition that he could even save people from   heresy. He became so traditionalist… the only thing he was afraid of was losing his power, which eventually, of course, he did. Vatican II killed him in his sleep. Ironic. Is it possible to learn this power? Not from the Novus Ordo.
One Howard Shore Boi: @One encumbered boi cheesy eggs yo
One encumbered boi: Unlucky
One Howard Shore Boi: Did you already eat?
Salty Single Crisp X: He is not here '
One Howard Shore Boi: Oh yeah lol 
One Howard Shore Boi: Apparently you sent this image one year ago exactly @One encumbered boi 
One encumbered boi: Lol
One encumbered boi: Should’ve been commercial voice https://v.groupme.com/30437902/2019-03-24T01:19:39Z/281138ad.480x272r90.mp4