GroupMe: Jacob Babbitt added Chris Castel and Matthew McDevitt to the group.
Jacob Babbitt: Alright boys I got my draw time at 4:57 on the 19th
Chris Castel: I'm just heading back to campus now so I'll check then but are you still on campus @Matthew McDevitt ?
Matthew McDevitt: No why 
Matthew McDevitt: ?
Jacob Babbitt: On a random thought, I think the default group avatar is very fitting
Chris Castel: Are you up for dinner tonight Jacob?
Jacob Babbitt: When and where? I want to pray the rosary at 7:00 at Frassati 
Chris Castel: Sorry Matthew, thought my message went through. I was gonna see if we could eat and discuss options.
Chris Castel: 5:45@Jacob Babbitt ? Gotta shower.
Chris Castel: Also my draw time is 5:24 pm on the 20th
Jacob Babbitt: Okay so I have the best draw
Jacob Babbitt: Make it 6:00 I'm down in McAfee practicing
Chris Castel: Alright
Matthew McDevitt: Yeah I had to go home to get the A/C in my car fixed I will be back in Belmont at the latest Saturday 
Jacob Babbitt: @Matthew McDevitt When you get a chance go ahead and check your draw time just in case. It shouldn't be before mine but I just want to make sure
Matthew McDevitt: April 20 at 6:45pm is my draw time 
Chris Castel: hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Matthew McDevitt: What? 
Matthew McDevitt: http://belmontvision.com/2017/04/university-catholics-convocation-sparks-controversy/
Chris Castel: Yep
Chris Castel: I was just reading the posts about it
Matthew McDevitt: I just got back on campus do you guys plan on going to the Easter vigil tonight? 
Jacob Babbitt: I'm going and then staying for the party
Chris Castel: Important update
Chris Castel: I have just learned from Abby that not all Russell suites have their own bathrooms but the ones with a 10 do
Matthew McDevitt: Ok 
Chris Castel: So top priority is trying to get one there. Also I'm not entirely sure which halls all have triples so let's also get some info on that by harassing the ResLife people.
Jacob Babbitt: Wait what does that mean I have to do when I sign up
Chris Castel: Get a room with a -10
Jacob Babbitt: I don't know what that means
Chris Castel: 310, 320, 330, etc
Jacob Babbitt: In what dorm
Chris Castel: Russell
Jacob Babbitt: 👍
Jacob Babbitt: All of the rooms above the first floor are taken
Jacob Babbitt: Guys I don't know what I did but it didn't let me select roommates
Matthew McDevitt: On no!
Jacob Babbitt: Who has the next time?
Jacob Babbitt: Chris does
Matthew McDevitt: Chris I think are you sure you couldn't select roommates what could you select 
Jacob Babbitt: It just said select room and then it put my name in the box and then I hit submit and it was like okay you're done
Matthew McDevitt: Did you get to say I want a triple 
Matthew McDevitt: Or do we have to select the same room 
Jacob Babbitt: The room I selected had 3 total slots so if no one joins me then y'all can both get in for sure
Jacob Babbitt: Russell 112
Jacob Babbitt: It will show my name in there. Sorry guys. I'm really sorry. I don't know what I did I thought it would let me pick my roommates next but I guess not
Jacob Babbitt: I think I had to reserve the two extra slots under my name and then invite y'all
Matthew McDevitt: Perfect, we got this do that 
Jacob Babbitt: No dude, it won't let me back it. Unless I want to pay $800 to cancel it and then restart
Jacob Babbitt: That's what I'm saying, it won't let me go back in to reserve those two spots for y'all
Matthew McDevitt: I got you so we just have to get into the slots first 
Jacob Babbitt: Yep. Hopefully within 24 hours no one else will join
Matthew McDevitt: You could talk to res life if you wanted 
Jacob Babbitt: They can't do anything at this point
Matthew McDevitt: Doesn't hurt to ask 
Chris Castel: Shoot I'm gonna be working for catering when my draw time opens tomorrow
Chris Castel: Won't be done until 7
Matthew McDevitt: We need to request each other Chris 
Chris Castel: Your draw time is 6-something, right?
Matthew McDevitt: Yup
Chris Castel: Well the way it has fallen is you'll be able to register before me unless I get extremely lucky
Chris Castel: Because I'll be clocking out at 7 pm from wherever the heck this event will be
Matthew McDevitt: That is why it's important to request each other 
Chris Castel: Also I agree that it doesn't hurt to ask ResLife if anything can be done. The worst that happens is they confirm they can't do anything.
Jacob Babbitt: Guys I'm so sorry
Jacob Babbitt: Idk what I did
Matthew McDevitt: We didn't request each other 
Chris Castel: I just sent my request for you Matthew