Resident Tolkienist: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lr5JJaFWftLKUpwAg4RFPAmylwL3iPtmj0HF_Gir5Ss/edit?usp=sharing
Resident Tolkienist: Gollyyyyy look what I found cleaning my Google Drive out
Resident Tolkienist: Man Belmont Catholic was in a golden age back then.
Resident Tolkienist: To quote Fr Fye: "RIP"
Ok: geez
Ok: You should send this to Father Fye for the lols
Resident Tolkienist: OOF
Ok: Tell me where is David
Ok: For I much desire to know the groups
Resident Tolkienist: TELL US DAVID
Ok: null
Ok: His interview is at 8 AM. @Lord chaos elmo You’re welcome to follow up with him personally if you think that’d be good
Resident Tolkienist: I've sent out texts to everyone about the St. Joseph Party
Resident Tolkienist: What time are we gonna start our shindig?
Resident Tolkienist: Afternoon? Early evening?
Lord chaos elmo: Afternoon I guess
Resident Tolkienist: Lots of positive reaction so far awwww yeah
Resident Tolkienist: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1YATV5dM8jRO-nZgwnCdqXZhfS_DBYC5REHKjuBhACiM/edit?usp=sharing
Resident Tolkienist: In case y'all wanna add anyone else. Belmont's spring break is that week so it's 50/50 on all the people from Belmont.
Lord chaos elmo: WHERE ARE THESE SMALL GROUPS!!!!
Resident Tolkienist: It seems, in your lack of talking to Sarah O'Connor, you killed them
Ok: Do not want
Lord chaos elmo: ? 
Ok: Wow, I made a Star Wars meme that Matthew didn’t get the reference to
Resident Tolkienist: Do not want
Resident Tolkienist: null
Lord chaos elmo: NO!!! 
Resident Tolkienist: Ded
Ok: @Lord chaos elmo 's quest hangs upon the edge of a knife
Ok: one click
Ok: could destroy everything lol
Resident Tolkienist: Lol
Ok: "Thank you for understanding" LOL
Ok: That just got me for some reason
Resident Tolkienist: I chuckled in the office as I typed it lol
Ok: We need a good subject line
Resident Tolkienist: "Where Is David for I Much Desire the Small Groups"
Lord chaos elmo: I will kill you @Resident Tolkienist 
Resident Tolkienist: The death threats only make want to more lol
Ok: You will die a martyr @Resident Tolkienist 
Resident Tolkienist: Just make sure you ask me if I'm Catholic before Matthew gets me
Ok: \ o /
Ok: Chaos
Resident Tolkienist: Hahahahaha
Resident Tolkienist: \ o /
Lord chaos elmo: @Resident Tolkienist Where are you it’s past your bedtime? 
Ok: Chris out past 8:30????
Ok: \ o / chaos
Ok: Alexa…….
Resident Tolkienist: Is this about Ukraine oof
Resident Tolkienist: Putin: \ o /
Ok: Something like that
Lord chaos elmo: I didn’t know the call of duty modern war 2 campaign demo ￼was going to release this early and be so realistic!?! 
Resident Tolkienist: Maybe you'll make the draft after all Matthew
Ok: Guys when the US gets taken over I’m going to be way ahead of the indoctrination curve because I already know the Russian national anthem
Resident Tolkienist: Lol but yikes
Ok: Sorry, the “reeducation curve”
Resident Tolkienist: See above
Resident Tolkienist: The talk from the coworkers is not very light about Ukraine woof
Ok: Yes it pretty grim
Chris Castel: Created new poll 'Start time for St. Joseph Party': https://s.groupme.com/2kosrj3Y
Resident Tolkienist: Also can I get permission to use Canva to design a graphic with all the details?
Resident Tolkienist: @Lord chaos elmo if you vote for chaos you have to vote for a time you meme goose
Resident Tolkienist: Oh nvm lol I'm scatterbrained
Resident Tolkienist: \ o /
Resident Tolkienist: @Lord chaos elmo  can you open the door for Shelly
Resident Tolkienist: They just called me
Resident Tolkienist: And like my message so I know you've seen this maybe?
Lord chaos elmo: The door is open 
Ok: Did we ever erase the chalk board? Lol
Lord chaos elmo: Yes
Resident Tolkienist: She apparently just left and is now circling back
Resident Tolkienist: Can you just make sure she gets in
Resident Tolkienist: I assumed she'd have a key
Lord chaos elmo: Shelly is Catholic 
Lord chaos elmo: Pog 
Resident Tolkienist: Poggers
Resident Tolkienist: How about Shelly's time now @Ok lolol
Lord chaos elmo: She was in and out 
Resident Tolkienist: She said "They got icons they get a pass from me" lol
Lord chaos elmo: She saw the cross on the wall and was like which one of you is Catholic 
Lord chaos elmo: I was like we are all Catholic 
Resident Tolkienist: Hahaha
Resident Tolkienist: Pog Shelly
Lord chaos elmo: Her son goes to Father Ryan 
Resident Tolkienist: *insert stroking chin dog mask gif*
Ok: I want Baja. Anyone want to go tonight? If not then in the next few days?
Resident Tolkienist: *insert stroking chin dog mask gif*
Resident Tolkienist: What the heck why did that take until now to send
Resident Tolkienist: No wait now it says it sent 30 min ago
Lord chaos elmo: Lol I’m always down for Baja 
Resident Tolkienist: Maybe we're having GroupMe problems because of Russian hackers
Resident Tolkienist: I would rather go next week I need my paycheck on the 28th first
Ok: We can go next week too @Resident Tolkienist 
Resident Tolkienist: That sounds like a plan to me
Resident Tolkienist: DAVID I'M ALREADY WAITING FOR MY WEDDING DONT MAKE ME WAIT MORE FOR THE GROUPS
Resident Tolkienist: *alarm clock gif*
Resident Tolkienist: *Judge Judy*
Resident Tolkienist: *"You're late" Frodo*
Lord chaos elmo: Of course our internet going down as I’m try to do a demo 