The Board: Oh, the horror
The Godfather: Oh no what are you going to do?!?!
Everybody Is Good: Stress
Everybody Is Good: I'd ask Ben since he's a Nashville native but he'd probably just say Baja Burrito
The Godfather: Lol go to Baja 
Everybody Is Good: Lol no
Everybody Is Good: I know I'll choose one of those vegan restaurants I researched
Everybody Is Good: Et fin I am a free man
The Godfather: Where did you go? 
Everybody Is Good: Obviously SATCO
Everybody Is Good: Teehee The Grilled Cheeserie
The Godfather: Should of gone to baja 
Everybody Is Good: Son
The Board: I really want to comment on that video Jeremy tagged us in. “All of the instruments used in this video are liturgically appropriate”
Everybody Is Good: LOL
Everybody Is Good: I had lunch with Nigel today and I think it went well and was productive
Everybody Is Good: I invited him to be part of my Bible study for next semester and also got Aidan's number while we were dining
The Godfather: null
Everybody Is Good: null
Everybody Is Good: Congrats Christopher you didn't look at the camera for any of the Belmont leadership pictures
Everybody Is Good: Zachary Janson is going to SEEK awwww yeah
The Board: When someone says they want to bring back salt and light
Everybody Is Good: Hahahahaha
Everybody Is Good: Ded
Everybody Is Good: Found on r/catholicmemes
Everybody Is Good: Miranda got me these socks as an early birthday present lol
The Godfather: Lol
Everybody Is Good: null
Everybody Is Good: "I'm being prudent where I poop." - quality life lesson from Chris Bordiuk
Everybody Is Good: null
The Godfather: null
Everybody Is Good: Bordiuk says I'm a third-year freshman
Everybody Is Good: I guess that's fair
The Godfather: null
Everybody Is Good: Camden and Miranda's friends uncovered my secret
Everybody Is Good: They know I'm not one of them
The Godfather: Wow!
Everybody Is Good: Go to bed fool
The Godfather: No!!! 
The Board: Wow!
Everybody Is Good: I swear every time I come through Alabama they close a lane on I-65 your state is the worst Jacob
Everybody Is Good: null
The Board: War Eagle
The Godfather: I’m upset lane on I-65 closed disrespect. 
The Board: God bless I-65 south
Everybody Is Good: https://www.reddit.com/r/PrequelMemes/comments/a5u2qm/literally_this_entire_sub/
The Godfather: So true 
The Board: Lol
Everybody Is Good: Yee
The Board: Ask me to bring back salt and light
The Board: I freakin dare you
The Board: Do it and see what happens
Everybody Is Good: oof
The Board: Oh goodness she has an idea
The Board: That she wants to talk to me about
Everybody Is Good: That's always how it starts lol
The Godfather: null
Everybody Is Good: oh no
Everybody Is Good: I've been approached about Logistics for Awakening
The Board: Why is that an oh no
The Board: @Everybody Is Good You got your pink for today?
Everybody Is Good: My pants haven't come in so I've had to settle for half of it
Everybody Is Good: I tried going to a new parish today and they literally skipped the penitential act altogether what in the
The Godfather: Oh no 
The Board: Yeah you can’t do that
The Godfather: null
Everybody Is Good: Hahahaha
Everybody Is Good: All the freshmen are saying "awwwww yeah" now I suppose I did this
Everybody Is Good: I suspect it's ironic usage
The Godfather: What? 
The Godfather: Lol nvmd 
Everybody Is Good: Lol
The Board: Hey lads I could use some prayers right now. I’m okay, just mentally not in the best place. Thanks
The Board: YOOOO
Everybody Is Good: Hahaha I was about to say AWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW YEEEEEEEEEEEEEAH
Everybody Is Good: null
The Godfather: I want to post it so badly
The Godfather: Do you like Star Wars?
The Board: Lol
The Board: And how’s your Latin?
Everybody Is Good: LOL
Everybody Is Good: Do you hold hands during the Our Father? 
The Godfather: Shoot dude this made my day
Everybody Is Good: You should post the gif Matthew 
Everybody Is Good: Especially since you don't even go to Belmont ahahaha
The Godfather: i will do what must be done
The Godfather: for the memes
Everybody Is Good: null
The Godfather: little does he know that gif is a test
Everybody Is Good: We await your response, Isaac
Everybody Is Good: Lol what if he responded "SECTION RATIO GENERAL"
The Board: What would you do if he straight up typed “nnnnnnnnnnngyenural kyenobeeeee”
Everybody Is Good: Hahahahahaha
The Godfather: WRONG
The Board: We’ll give him time
Everybody Is Good: I saw that he shared a gif and I was like "OH NO IS THIS HAPPENING"
Everybody Is Good: Then my hopes were crushed
The Board: Same @Everybody Is Good
The Godfather: With time he will turn to the prequel memes
The Board: We need to tell him the tragedy of Darth Pelagius the wise 